Hondas are definitely a more simple bike than a Triumph. Easier to find parts as well. 
At mine in Canada we have one run by the undergrad student union (more of a loud music type bar) and one run by the grad student union (much more low-key pub, guiness on tap and servers know how to pour it, good indian food).
Democratic backed Dodd-Frank wanted to set up a fund that would have made it so banks had to set aside money in the case of a meltdown and so they wouldn't have to use taxpayer money, but still a funny meme.
It's a game played over 3 days and you lost. Take it on the chin and move on.
If you think saying a true words, even though they are harsh is coming of like a total jerk, then yeah.
what i really want to know is, why the guy who designed him hasn't beenf ired, and why Riot lies through their teeth every single time he's brought up. HE'S ONLY OVERPOWERED IN LOW ELO, or HE'S NOT POWERFUL AT ALL! what a bunch of fucking scumbags.
how do you like the domeless nail? I've been considering getting one myself
I'm not THAT old....okay maybe I am....once you graduate high school, time really begins to blur together. 
The Disney Channel wasn't entirely amazing to begin with. It was nice to watch old Disney Afternoon shows, Disney movies, and then old shorts. Occasionally I'd check out after midnight since I'm an old school television nerd to the highest degree. (The Ink and Paint Club was basically a program where they showed all old Disney shorts. It used to be on frequently but then it got to a point where you could only find it on at like 4am)
I don't blame you though, the channels sucks big time these days. 
America doesn't invade countries we LIBERATE them. 
um, sharks AREN'T dinosaurs.
Damn those are big jugs.
A while ago I managed to strain a muscle in my lower back moving a heavy object ("heavy" here meaning probably around 40 pounds). Initially it didn't seem so bad, but within a few days I was unable to sit down for more than a few minutes without being in excruciating pain. Eventually, my back even became painful while I was sleeping. I became sleep deprived because I couldn't sleep for more than a few hours a night. Prescription painkillers were the only thing that let me have some rest.
It took over a month before I was able to sit down for more than 15 minutes without my back killing me, but that's when I swore I was done being an overweight lazy slob. My back had been bothering me on and off over the years (actually prompting a 30lbs weight loss a few years back) but this was the icing on the cake. Since then I have lost another 40lbs and am in the normal BMI for my height for the first time since I was in high school.
Was it difficult? Sure. It was no fun being hungry all the time when I cut my daily intake. But honestly being a bit hungry is a joke compared to the torture I had to endure those 4 weeks when my back was injured. And I think it was 100% worth it - my back problems have completely disappeared along with other issues I had when I was overweight - the chafing, the sweating, the inability to do physical activity for more than a few minutes without becoming tired.
That's what you should look forward to. Look forward to the time when you'll look and feel better than you do now because you put your foot down one day and said "that's enough" and accomplished something.
Shut the hell up.
How do you flop a straight on the river?
I hope there's enough here: I forgot to take an orbital shot on duna, but I do have a shot of the anomaly to confirm the location. I'll take an orbital shot tomorrow in need be. http://imgur.com/a/k12bb
I'd like to keep my current flare, thanks
It also makes you look like you're 11 and then I feel rapey and just want to get dressed and gtfo.
I can; they wore stockings (as in hose, tights) back then in noir detective times. Not necessarily Christmas stockings.
You'll eventually learn the lowsec hotspots.
Akidagi, Tama, Rancer, etc.
Using wormnav on a lowsec system (or even using your starmap with active pilots in space/number of jumps/ships killed in last hour) will give you a feel for which systems are active.
It was definitely a rant.
http://www.canyoustayfordinner.com/2012/09/23/an-emmy-inspired-dinner/emmy-dinner-9/ The creator broke some lollipops and they look awesome :)
And progressively more awesome
Yeah, let's hack into your bank account then, I'm sure you'll find the "joke" in that.
Scyther skin for Kha'Zix
Not that big of a deal, didn't we have a bunch of 5-0 teams like 2 years ago? 3 undefeated teams sound reasonable to me, even more so when I think most people saw the Texans being one of them.
Relax, not everybody's alphabet has 'ä'.
Thats like getting mad at a reporter for not writing Hu Jintao like '胡锦涛
'. Different language, different spelling/romanization.
Now, off your high horse.
Creepy.  I had no idea Mormonism was like this.  I live on the east coast and never really run into them.
This movie was such a pleasant surprise! And I usually hate 3D, but it was actually kinda cool. 
Sweet Jesus! Are you Spanish or something else?
La mayoría del contenido de reddit está en inglés, la mayoría de los chilenos no entiende inglés.
Better passing system by the AI when you press R2 to demand a pass. Easier to defend yourself after a shot, I shouldnt be getting fucking drilled after every shot I take without a call.
Computer trades arent flat out fucking retarded, Ive only had two out of maybe 200 that Id even consider.
Somehow less plays where the puck somehow doesnt cross the line if though it bangs off the top post and one of the side posts, and stays on the goal line or just bounces off the goalies back, this is hard to describe but Im sure if youve played as much as me you have been through it before where the puck should be in the net but some magical formula keeps it out.
I really enjoy the game anyway.
>Collins was increasingly aghast at what Brown didn't know. There were so many simple things he had to learn: when to lob, when to throw a chest pass, when to throw a bounce pass. Things kids who've gone to basketball camps and colleges already know. Like footwork. "He was like a guy who wants to go into high finance, and he only took a couple of classes," says Wizards forward Popeye Jones. 
Like I said, I'm just going off what people who were around him when hew was with the Wizards and Lakers...
I wore colored contact lenses and intentionally mismatched the colors so that I appeared to have heterochromia (two different colored eyes). This happened for about a year when I started high school. I felt pretty cool with one green and one blue eye until my parents stopped paying for colored contacts and they both went back to brown...awkward explanations to friends at school ensued. 
He could do both of those things too! A Betta and Neons. 
That body is insane!
The Giants lost to Vince Young last time.  I repeat, the Giants lost to Vince Young.
The flavour of red velvet is tangy with a hint of cocoa. If you only taste red dye, you have not had good red velvet.
And link it to us
I had 2(both in Rock Band). One was called Visions of Mel and the other was Black Santa's Sultry Elves.
Hopefully it's until the words 'I lost my baby' pass through his lips.
holy shit we used to watch "belly" whilist stoned. is this what the rabbit clip is from? 
Ah, an old favourite, [*Delphinia picta*](http://bugguide.net/node/view/5919/bgimage).
Mad props to you then man, you have more hope than me. I hugely respect you holding strong to your dreams in the face of adversity, that's an incredibly admirable quality.
Thank you for the polite reply.
you:
> There's also the social aspect, where **being treated like a guy** just leaves a bitter taste in your mouth being segregated by gender depresses you because you had the misfortune to be born with a penis,
you:
> why nobody treats you like them.
These *appear* to logically imply you want to be "treated like a woman."  (Right?)  So I'm curious: how do you want to be treated?  (Or not treated?)  
> It's a discomfort in your own skin, and your brain looking at other girls your age with jealousy
Do you mean, jealousy of their beauty? . . .  
It is. In a good way.
None of the above
>Keep being positive and lets hope that the community that has surrounded this event stop anything like this from happening again.
I'm going to break the positive part, but how is that going to work? 
I think one of the reasons why this kind of crime generates such anxiety is because the difficulty in predicting, preventing and halting it.
I don't want to detract from the fairly harmonious atmosphere, but I think a discussion about actual strategies to reduce this kind of crime are important, in conjunction with the symbolic gestures of street marches and the like.
That was a damn good episode. A really strong first half of this series I'd say.
How cheap is it cheap? I Was underage last time I was there.
think about what you just said.
also when my mum used to wake me up for school, she would just stand there and tell me to get up and wouldn't leave my room until I did.
I switched over to Hanes cotton boy briefs when I started C25K.  They stay put under my running pants.  
No player would go to the box, but they would just have to put out a PK unit.
At least you don't have to be worried about being kicked out of something. Your parents have to protect you, and if that means your mom protecting you from your dad so be it. You sound like a smart, strong girl and I know you'll be able to find some help. 
I don't use medicated feed, and see no reason for vaccinations in my flock either. Why do you think you need them for yours?
I need Vick, Jeremy Maclin, the Cowboys defense, and Jason Pierre-Paul to get 106 points more than Sean Lee, a Cowboys linebacker.
Mayo, Peanut Butter, and FUCKIN PINK BERRY
it will be the best counter for 4-5 carry picks, as sometimes in pub
I didn't go unschathed with people reminding me that I wasn't pleased about what I pulled, though.  But, in fairness, somebody next to me pulled a Vraska, so... yeah.  I'm justified in saying my best card was my promo card (Corpsejack Menace).  
this. no one remembers. gruden wanted to have control of the players davis declined his request
>All we're saying is that DROs are probably the most efficient and effective way to resolve conflicts, because all other methods rely on monopoly law and monopoly enforcement. And if we know one thing about monopolies, it's that they deliver worse and worse products at higher and higher cost.
You forgot about that other method that involves small-scale, decentralized direct democracy. 
You won't regret it. We're all awesome here.
I'm attempting to watch it now.  Why are they torturing cats?  I can't watch that shit.
With 6% LS you won't see a problem. I have yet to find another lifesteal weapon that won't destroy my DPS by at least 10K. 
I think the Logging Camp spawns iron items, power bows, and the occasional grenade.
God damn it. Now I have to clear my browser history. AGAIN.
All they would see all day is kittens and puppies from those commercials
Thank you, that's what I told him. Thought I'd get a second opinion. And yes, he has a lawyer.
Sorry Packers, sorry power ratings, the cheese just isn't as good as everyone thinks they are.
Saints gave them a run for the money?  Saints couldn't beat the Panthers, Redskins, or Chiefs, who themselves can't beat anyone (wait, Redskins just got the first win (outside of beating the saints) between those 4 teams), 28-27 is pathetic.
Oh and the Seahawks got just as screwed from the refs the entire game, rather than just the last play.
I know this is not an appreciated topic, and will be blasted to oblivion, but this Packers are a top 10 team mentality is just ignorance.
I trim - I've shaved everything off a few times and ended up with ingrown hair and man, they are NOT nice.
As long as I don't look like the Jackson 5 down there - I'm a happy chap.
Uh, three zeroes on three inactives. Thought we were booting people like this for people who actually cared about their lineups?
Was that gif made with a potato?
I was never a good problem solver :(
I bet that this looked VERY modern in the mid-90s...
Well, the game should be [Bermuda Syndrome](http://www.mobygames.com/game/bermuda-syndrome)
Too bad he's a fucking Borg magnet. 
When I throw away a half bowl of rice, some kid in Africa isn't any worse off. Likewise if I eat the rest he doesn't get more food either. You want to solve starvation then you send excess food from farms over there, not excess food from my plate.
ooo camel blues as well, my favorite.
I drafted DMC, CJ0k, Gates and Nicks. Fuck me, right?
Thanks, for your comments. Have 2 upvotes.
Come into the light!
I am for anyone that promotes respect amongst the community, and I am against anyone that seeks to compromise that respect. 
Let the Star Wars joke stay as a joke, please don't legitimize it. 
Sexuality is a bit of a continuum. If you fall in love with guys then that's the main 'thing'. Honestly though, try and find a little guy who you can throw all over the bedroom ;). Tbh as well... if you don't throw yourself into sex completely, it can suck a bit. Next time, just go at it with all your enthusiasm! And generally, don't worry! It takes practice to have good sex. 
P.S. Purely if you want to get into buttsex, [this girl](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83lo7OqruJI) is my absolute hero, (no it's not porn)
I have a similar thing to the Death Note one. In seventh grade (coincidence?) I thought it would be cool to slouch a little and be able to sit like L and laugh like Light. I didn't realize until maybe a year later why that wasn't actually attractive at all. I still get asked to do the "Kira laugh" sometimes. Good thing I forgot how! Haha... Ha...
Yeah haha even the second time they couldnt figure it out.
"*Yeah, sure* you knocked out three guys in the moshpit while following three girls to the bathroom where they all blew you."
That was an actual lie from my buddy. 
Revisionist history is a key criteria of a political hate movement.  Yes, this stuff is significant.
My people needs asap! 
[I found a clip of his performance in the episode.](http://youtu.be/JdfuhAoA_9M) Makes me cry like a baby every time.
Very gruesome, but it would sure as hell get a reaction out of the audience.
my breed will never die out. when your kind is eating pills for dinner and somehow wiping your ass with three seashells, my people will be lurking in the dark, eating rat burgers, and fucking with our own genitals.
I don't shave fully, but I manscape. I shaved once and thought I looked like a well-hung six year. I'm not a fan of that look, that's why I trim
do you think people feel victimized in tabloid sting operations?
I remember doing only two long(ish) passes over the middle today, the interception and the play where Laurent caught it and stayed down for a while.
I know... where to start. There's so many of them. There's just a lot of shitty people in the world... probably why I love dogs so much. 
To be fair, it just might be too complicated to explain . . . in a TV interview. But that's no excuse for not explaining it in another forum - a magazine article, and/or a long article on the Romney/Ryan website . . . unless, maybe, they don't really know, or don't want voters to know the details until after it's too late.
I'm a toto- I mean, uh, cyndaquil! ^yeah, that's it.
Just gonna, uh, slide right in.
*slides in, trips, disguise falls off*
Shit.
It could be any mechwarrior game.
More importantly, were you charged. If so, go to your bank and request a chargeback.
Nevermind, I figured it out.
So much good stuff in that show.
Some continuity issues, but just a lot of fun.
Sony Trinitron, best color TV ever at 56 and change.
the problem there is that it isn't your fault that you have to "get off your ass". it's the burden of organized society that has made it so that you cannot do whatever you wish. in a perfect world if you wanted to sit on your ass and trip your whole life then you should be able to.
I'm going on my third season with my 390s 
I would love to take you up on that offer in trade of Bagon.
FC:4728-4893-0986
I'll be around for the rest of the night and 5pm PST tomorrow.
Shadow of the Colossus.
I know a lot of people hate Tebow, but man, I agree with you. He's a good guy, even if he's not a very good QB. That night he threw for a ton in the play offs he went to spend time with his guests before even celebrating. his guests were a sick person and their parents.
>I'd also say, depending on how much serious $ he's making and how old he is, he should be trying to max out his 401k contributions, and not just max out the employer match.  
I agree but that's a different conversation.  Start with employer match as the minimum. 
You know when there's twins or something in a movie and they both move the same way at the same time? Like with their hands touching a 'mirror'?
I've made a mental rule about who uses their left and who uses their right in case I'm cloned or a future me comes. This isn't so much to confirm it's me but rather to impress onlookers.
I like to run with a group of 3 and do some guerrilla type attacks while on defense.
hmm... so you saw that, huh?
This misspelling of Manhattan?
my ex gf would queef all the time, it was impossible to have sex without everyone in the house hearing.
I would love to learn written music. I can easily learn a spoken language easily, I already know 5 and counting, but to be able to read sheet music and spit it out is a language in itself. 
For the sake of the human race, you have our permission to eliminate them.
It was announced to [March 2013](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C/2011_L4) originally...
 A state push to bring felony charges against noncitizens who voted in recent Iowa elections could run into two key roadblocks: local prosecutors who do not want to pursue the cases and jurors who may find no criminal intent.
The push to prosecute legal residents who were ineligible to vote because they are not U.S. citizens may raise questions about selective enforcement and whether they had the intent to commit fraud. Police and prosecutors this year already declined to bring some similar cases discovered before the statewide effort started, citing a lack of intent, the cost associated with the cases and the harsh penalties they entail.
In Linn County, home to Cedar Rapids, County Attorney Jerry Vander Sanden has declined to bring charges against a few persons who mistakenly voted twice during recent elections. The county auditor sought prosecution, but Vander Sanden replied in emails that those voters had "no criminal intent" to cast absentee ballots and vote a second time at the polls.
"I am not going to charge someone with a felony because they made an innocent mistake," he wrote in July.
http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/Iowa-voter-fraud-cases-may-hit-roadblock-of-intent-3887162.php
The basics of programming isn't very hard once you get into it and start thinking in that way. It's just ifs, whiles, fors and discretization. At least in the beginning. What language are you programming in? The hard parts come when you have to learn some numerical methods, sorting methods and optimization. That's about as far as I've come in my programming. Then I've heard of some scary thing called 'listeners'.
here's the original post.  He's 1 in 3000 and is sterile. http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/utw8l/my_yoda_in_good_spirits_hes_15_and_recovering/
DoubleLift's Mechanics are a lot better.  But Aphro is pretty good.
And as he runs out of replacement parts, Rory starts getting smaller and smaller until, eventually, he's just a little robot dog... 
There is **NOTHING** in Ponyo to make you sad.
Having cavities drilled without novocaine.
well, I have a younger brother.  We fought.  Not a lot, but when we did, it was fucking savage.
[worst novelty account ever](http://andreworlowski.com/wp-content/images/comic_book_guy.gif)
Here is my norn guardian,
http://i.imgur.com/ol6oO.jpg
Wow, that guy either paused the video coincidentally at that spot, or has autism. 
30 minutes before touching me down there?! Hell, no. I agree to the slow, but a good 10-15 minutes of fore play is perfect.
Yeah, that looks just like a cat face spider. I believe they eat other spiders and are good to have around.
WDs seem to have the most diverse skillset in terms of # of viable/interesting builds. Monks on the other hand seem to have the least. I'd recommend you stick with your WD, but it's up to you, i suppose.
Awesome birth story.  Congrats!
If the rapist dressed up as a clown, yes.
I'm up by 29
He has Romo, Bears D, and Dallas kicker
I have a chance...not a great one though
Pictures please... because that would be SWEET
It's just a foreskin dude.
Jiggling the boobs, it's like grabbing extra fat, squishing that fat, and moving it around. 
It was time for Henry. He'd started having some injury issues, like problems with his sciatica (which if I recall correctly don't really ever go away, could be wrong). The team was still playing around him, but he wasn't the same player. Of course, he could have stayed, but the move seemed mutually beneficial (I think he'd also just divorced his wife at the time, so probably needed some kind of change).
His leaving allowed Fab to flourish. Plus, we still had Adebayor and RVP. Everything felt like it was on good terms.
RVP left us in a pretty terrible situation after talking the talk, but then when the time came for big decisions, he turned his back and walked away. And not only did he join Man U, as you mentioned, he came out with a pretty condescending statement about the club. You'd never see Henry or Fab say something like that about Arsenal. You could see how deeply disappointed Wenger was.
You don't want to have an actual conversation. You're either just being stubborn or trolling.
I first went when I was 6 months old. Of course, I don't remember any of it, but my parents said I had a great time!
There you go packer fans, have a game taken away from you last week and a game given to you this week by the refs.  you're even, now please shut up. 
I was with you until the end when I was like "Holy racist comment Batman!"
Yeah, that's the standard required amount. When I worked there I was usually just fine with doing one pass and asking if that was enough if a person said "a little," but then my manager saw me do that and flipped out in front of everyone, started demanding why I was shorting this person mayo, demanding of her if she'd specifically asked for only one pass, and then I lost my legally entitled break for bathroom cleaning duty. 
Tl;dr: Subway managers are batshit crazy about mayo, and unless you go "ONE PASS OF MAYO ONLY" and are willing to look Satan in the eye and stand by your decision, Subway employees are going to shove mayo down your throat. 
The Rep Fleet Firetail also works nicely as dual prop
what if you get the healing troll priest creep.
would that provide enough regen to jungle?
God Damnit now I have to [watch it again](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0)
they are fine for gaming and general use.
One of the houses near me has tinsel up already and my friend said he saw a christmas tree in someones house. This is a student area so it could be we're all too pissed out of our minds to know what time of year it is!
I'm confused by all this scared of razors talk too...does everyone have whipped cream for skin or what? I don't get cuts and I don't using shaving cream.
Yeah no you can be super butthurt about that. 
One of these days I'll attend synch-tube night.
One of these days 
Why is there evidence you can cure other mental issues through psychology then?
His name is Mukhtar. His cock has been enhanced with silicone. There are some vids around with him in action. I'll see if I can dig some up and post links here.
I have to say, this was one of the most interesting nights that I have ever had.
I like to think it explains it fairly well in the start, but I wouldn't know from a non-gamer perspective.
Well, I was wrong.
Glad it's over. Good game Saints fans. You're having a rough start, but your team is way better than that record. Good luck this year.
TIL the MTA is the Us Government.
Thanks folks. I was readin on how theres so many hybrids white x stripped, small x spotted, etc..but I appreciate the help. 
Holy shit... Do you happen to be a six-year-old idiot child from Liverpool?
I'm more concerned about the ankle breakage on the right.
I'm Randy Butternubs. :(
edit: [context yo](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGOq5RhDtis)
(meta self contained g)
This reference has been taken too far. Someone call the circlejerk contention team. 
30 mb/s, and I pay $40 a month. It's split between three of us, though, so it comes out to around $13 each.
Lool i think that some of the comments below are a bit harsh, i think it cool too get a good enchantment on your first ever pick i didn't anywhere near that on my first pick enchantment :(
It doesn't, but its always the implication of the stereotype portrayed in the video.
Mom's time limit is really the screwiest part of the whole thing.  She wants babies to play with?  She can damn well have one of her own
Well played. 
But you have to admit, you'd have to sift through a lot of crap to get the good stuff if this were the case. 
Ambiguous yet intriguing trailers with movie titles that get described throughout the course of the movie seem to be the key for me. 
Movies with titles like "Inception", "Lock, Stock And Two Smoking Barrels", "Snatch", "American Beauty", "Primer", "Twelve Monkeys", "Requiem For A Dream" etc. 
That's not the wand that did it.
I signed up for an account just to post... Wilforks hit reminded me of... http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3pff29/
The first few episodes of Haibane Renmei are very slice-of-life, but it gets dramatic later on.
It does if you hold the button you opened the box with. When I open one, I use the "E" button and hold it to collect everything.
*This conspiracy's context:* **[So I went hunting with my sisters..](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/10q0vd/so_i_went_hunting_with_my_sisters/)**
^Did ^the ^bot ^make ^a ^mistake? [^Message ^me](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=KarmaConspiracy_Bot&subject=Error:\%2010qfv7&message=Post\%20in\%20question:\%20http://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaConspiracy/comments/10qfv7/redditor_shoots_neighbors_dog_during_hunting_trip/\%0A\%0ACorrect\%20link:\%20) ^with ^the ^correct ^link ^- [^FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaConspiracy/comments/uu43r/rkarmaconspiracy_bot/)
We have J-Train, that's not a gamble.
Would have been even better if he got dragon too.
I leave girls alone. I could be a lot creepier!
It was a poor analogy, then. 
My Assassin is bugged as well but I fast forwarded.  Some things to check that may or may not help...  Are new quests you pick up level 50?  Is your active quest level 50?  What level are items from the slot machines?
This should give you a decent idea of how badly you're bugged.  Sometimes switching the active quest to a level 50 one helps.
Just posting my opinion. If you want to start something off of that its your deal :)
should be in /r/woahdude/
sorry for being a faggot
Here just let me get that bandage o- Oops! Looks like I peeled off some of your foot! 
I'd been wondering if they were just severely overwhelmed, or (possibly) a scam. It seems that they are actually just severely backlogged.
I placed my order on 19-Aug, and just received my shipping notification today (30-Sep.) It's too early to get tracking info, but it seems that there's hope.
And it does seem to be a really nice case; I'll find out when it arrives.
Yea, you pretty much got the gist of the Bieber hate.
Very much like the horizon you see in the distance. A general direction and a kind of "within-which". So: say we agree to address the question of the elections and are talking about anarchism. This is just an example. Well at this point, we would be talking about anarchism within the horizon of the elections. A light would be cast on the topic. We'd be making a way towards topics, or taking angles on topics, in view of the elections or elections in general, democracy in general, etc. The elections coming up do loom on the horizon. That's just one horizon or horizon type, really. It's pretty temporal in certain ways. And anyhow, that's an example, one is locak, the other general of a horizon. Local was, recall: say we agree to discuss anarchism within the horizon of the elections. Locally, that means our agreement to discuss this. We've set up a kind of false or very local horizon. Less locally is: the elections coming up. And far less local: let's think about anarchism, but especially in terms of democracy and the idea of voting. That's a more general "horizon". Then when you agree upon that (everything is not a simple matter of agreement), you're setting out in a kind of direction and within a certain light. 
And horizons have "light": the sun casts a light, so too do horizons of issues or problematics, say. "In light of recent events" is a good case in point. This is a common enough phrase. It's a bit like saying: "keeping those recent events on the horizon, let us consider X". It is good to use the term, not good to badger it or try to nail it down too exactly. I'm not trying to be vague and can be very n-th degree or meticulous, but that's just the best way to use such a term. 
So this can be explained easily enough. I'll assume just for the sake of seeing what this all means here that you may respond with: "Oh, OK, that's not really so tricky or opaque." It's quite easy, really. There is nothing especially troubling there. Indeed, that's going to end up being part of my point: that there is nothing especially troubling about a lot of what is possible in thinking. In fact...well here I go again...it's going to end up being so fundamental an issue as to lead to some other things. 
On the other hand, I've been thinking in this shit for years, so it's easy for me. But on a third hand, let me add to this that I think with a fierce view towards amelioration and responsibility. What that means here is a bit tricky: it means that my path in thinking and my particular skills (this is not in order to talk about myself let me say clearly here) are very devoted towards applicability and serviceability. So in any case some things I say may look hard like someone is doing differential calculus and says "oh this is easy" but it's fucking not, whereas I am already well abreast of how explications should run and are feasible. This in turn relates to issues of poverty, btw. 
Well I could go on but must run currently but I can explain more and an ethically devoted to such explicability btw. 
yeaaahhhh.....a few problems here..... (A) I'm extremely lazy (B) my addendum would invariably be dozens of pages long (C) I'm extremely lazy. ;-)
i'm using some 200mm kahalanis, even if they are 45° they are as low as smokies (40°)
Edit: they don't give me wheelbite with the zig zags but I am planning on buying the wheels I mentioned above
I read the graphic novel edition (all the cool quotes and crap transcribed, dialogue transcribed, but faster) and I must say, the visuals on Dorian are stunning.  It gets across just how mind-blowing Oscar Wilde was being.
I always go Sadist early, maybe 1 level in HS, with this it allows you to boss it a lot more :P
Done. This song could cheer me up after like six breakups at once. 
>Great pieces for great prices, but expensive and long shipping
When people are bitchy about grammar, sometimes they may have a point. Would be nice if they were nicer about it though. 
Well, I can tell you that in a typical LHC pp (proton-proton) collision, less than 1% of the total collision energy goes into producing any one particle. Protons are made of quarks and gluons, which are collectively called partons, and what happens in a collision is that one of the partons from one proton interacts with one of the partons from the other proton. Each parton carries only a fraction of its proton's total energy, so it's only that fraction that actually gets involved in the collision, and it usually winds up being a small amount.
However, I don't know how (or if) that would change if a black hole were to be produced. I think the black hole would be too small, and would evaporate too quickly, to pull in much energy from the other partons involved in the collision.
Um, I understand that you're probably patting yourself on the back because you think you've revealed my hypocrisy, and that's fine, except what I said is nothing alike what the user I was replying to said in tone, context, or meaning.
I use a sander.  40 grit.
Was her ass that bad?
This is awesome - thank you!
Looks great! Might I suggest that you add a default tile set, so users don't have to upload there own just to get it working?
Waste of very precious time.
It's an animation that occurs when you trash a Passbook "card". It's supposed to be as if you ran the card through a paper shredder.
Where in florida? I'm around Tampa Bay.
nah, but hollywood has a cool spin on it.
October 23rd is the day. /official
Okay, have the down vote back. I've made it a policy to down vote your bot, but I guess you intended to communicate to me directly. Sort of. With the wrong pronoun. Anyway, can you explain this bot to me. Satire? Just bravery for bravery's sake? Trolling? Perhaps if I had some context, I wouldn't hate it so much. You can respond as the bot and I won't down vote you, if that's how we're gonna roll.
Did you not like r/atheism's answers?
I feel like engineer as a class kind of fell short. A lot of the abilities are repetitive (just better versions of lower tier abilities). I would really like to see a dedicated 2h class and or a dedicated cannon class.
That would be amazing, I literally just discovered how to tab backwards. shift+tab, yo!
Yeah, that's definitely not reposting given the submission was to different subreddits.  I don't know why someone would get butthurt over it.  But as you said, I wonder what Reddit would be like, or was like, without the karma. Would most people stop coming up with clever posts because there isn't any incentive other than the karma?  Although some of those clever posts have received a lot of global attention, which can be good.  Meh, maybe nothing will change.
I go to gamestop all the time and I only have had a problem once. Other than that they are just generally great friendly people. The one problem I had was when I got a game for my birthday that I knew I didn't want to play. I think I already had a copy of it or something, I don't know. Anyway, I never even bothered to take the casing off or anything, I just brought it straight to gamestop. I tried to sell it to them for a used-game price, but the guy started telling me something about it going against policy since it wasn't used. I offered to open it, go grab my DS from my car, play a level, then sell it to them, but he said it wouldn't work because "[They would already know](http://gamercrash.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/the_dark_brotherhood_hand.jpg)" or something. I got pretty angry and just took it to another gamestop after opening it and had no problem.
Homophobia is a mental condition, and cannot be used to describe a set of words, although I agree that kind of speech contributes strongly to the problem.
Pelicans are known to store large long objects that smell kinda fishy in their beaks/mouth...just saying..there certainly are less fitting names for cheerleaders :|
That is not true. Most people who get talked out of it or do not succeed try it again. 
http://i.imgur.com/wwUMG.jpg?1 - My Engineer
Probably what I'll be transmuting until I hit 80.. (I have a ton of transmutation stones thanks to alts).
That really is mildy interesting. Could possibly be some karma in that knowledge, ya know? A TIL.
I shouldn't have laughed at that....  :/
Yeah, but that's just like... your opinion.
In fact Australia's Torres Strait islands come within 10 kms of mainland New Guinea.
This does seem like it's a cut and paste menagerie of bad sex-driven articles from other popular womens' magazines, paired with the plateauing popularity of a "mommy porn" novel, which makes everyone up at arms.
Is it a bad book? Yes!  Read a few passages, and you'll realize just how terrible the imagery, story arch, sub plots, characters, metaphors, and use of grammar is.  It is edgy because up until now, most women didn't openly express their interest in sexual literature, even though we have been reading, and writing it for DECADES. 
Men seem to have this weird idea that the only kind of pornography worth investing in is visual pornography.
Women internalize a lot of their interests in sex, and tend to have just as deep sexual fetishes as most men, DESPITE the fact that we are *shamed* for having any kind of sexual urges, and are called "sluts" for having an inkling of desire for kinky fucking.
While men are very straight-forward about their sexual urges, "that woman looks hot, I want to stick my flesh rod inside of her tender bits" , ladies *tend* to (not saying this is true of every case) have a more complicated view of sex in terms of; relationships, compatibility, personal taste, attitude, stability, and have according fantasies.
Christian Grey represents what a lot of modern women lust after.  A ridiculously handsome man, with his own company, shitloads of cash he wants to spend on his lady,a hot body, a huge cock,with a sexual appetite to match, a dominant personality,  and attachment/possessiveness, but also having something to "fix". (which was kind of super fucked up in my opinion, and was a super turn-off for me)
While the book is very badly written, many women still find a kind of social unity in the fact that they aren't being shamed and singled out at the bookstore for buying one of these novels.  If you go up to a cashier with another (probably better written) "bodice ripper", you could expect to feel a bit of embarrassment.  Not to mention it falls under the advent of e-Books, so most women never have to step foot inside of a store.
While it seems almost a STANDARD for men to watch terribly written/ acted porn, ladies are being mocked for *READING?* 
"I told you i could do the helicopter!"
..I like that joke.
Oh, didn't realize you were talking about d6's. I'm used to using twenties for rolls.
i know im late to the party but mythbusters gave me my love of science. i remember watching it when i was really young. and like you i started to take apart eveything and put it back together(most of the time). just wanted to say thanks
Before I read the comments and just looked at the picture I thought "damn Raj is hot"
Keep them to trade/sell. Even if you don't need them now you can always get some value out of them.
Niv-Mizzet - $14
Gelectrode - $1
Brainstorm - $2
Dissipate - $1.50
Isochron Scepter - $6
Doomgape - $1.50
Eternal Witness - $5
Golgari Grave-Troll - $2.60
Jarad - $3.70
Life from the Loam - $11.60
Almost $50 from those alone!
I'd do it. Ryan is way more consistent than Romo and Richardson is just a few points a week lower than Rice. If you want consistency, pull the trigger.
Yes but do they Dry them first ?
If the gingersnaps aren't strong enough try ginger capsules. They work great as long as you're taking enough to have pungent ginger burps and you take them before you're feeling sick. Reed's Extra Ginger Brew has saved a lunch too.
I have a new goal in life. To be quoted by a Barbershop ensemble.
You're one stupid fuck.
I prefer to think Slender is saving the children from the Pedobear. 
It doesn't natively support flash.  You can sideload it easily.
The front page of AskReddit™ every. Fucking. Day. 
Such an emotional comment.
You're welcome. Enjoy! 
Thanks.
Hi Dan,
As of now intend to take a VPS with Hostgator. Also, I have 2 questions:
1) Can I have different VPS accounts with different companies and control them all through a single WHMCS/WHMAutopilot installation ?
And if Yes... What is that feature called ?
2) If I have a domain say XYZ.com. Can I have ns1.xyz.com and ns2.xyz.com with Hostgator and say ns3.xyz.com and ns4.xyz.com with say Bigbrainhost.com VPS. ns5.xyz.com and ns6.xyz.com with say webhostingbuzz.com VPS. 
I feel there should be service that should allow me to set up different nameservers with different IPs at different companies.
Will be of great help if you can guide me with these 2 queries.
A degree isn't job training. Job training is job training.
this title is awful.
upvote for posting what he deleted
As someone who lives in Japan... I actually really appreciate this choice of schedule compared to the majority of other times when it's 8pm in NA on Sunday and I am at work Monday morning and can't watch anything. 
Not sure exactly because i don't like to count but id say im somewhere around 80% fat and protein. My only carb intake is from veggies and fruit and most of my meals are mostly meat with a side of veg and some fruit as a snack 
Hijacked my dad's cumbox, and also ate his jolly ranchers.
I'm skeptical this will be any good. This isn't being made by Sucker Punch and is in the hands of the developer behind "Ninja Reflex" and system ports. Letting them get their hands on the series makes me think there isn't much care going into this game.
I started watching right after De la Garza left the field, what happened?
inb4 the rest of reddit gets to this post and downvotes anything fraternity related.
Haven't we been over this like, a million times before?
I believe that's the joke.
I'd be happy to. 
I think Reddit broke the site...
I completely agree with paragraph one, so to paragraph two I say, *how you doin?*
Doing anything I want. Any time I want. And only having to check in with my parents first. 
The entire purpose of the presidential debates commission is to make sure that Ruling Party politicians never have to debate again.  The Ruling Party was furious that the League of Women Voters let Ross Perot show the  world what jackasses they are, and that's why they set up the commission.
If Johnson gets 15% in the polls, they'll raise it to 30.  If he gets 30, they'll raise it to 51%.  If he gets 51%, they just won't show up.
Age | User | Title | Reddit | Cmnt | Points
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
9 months | [d3rsty](/user/d3rsty) | [#1 reason to not pass out at a party...#1!](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/n3fqe/1_reason_to_not_pass_out_at_a_party1/) | here | 168 | 424
5 months | [Generalhjort](/user/Generalhjort) | [Passing out with /b/ not the best idea ever..](http://www.reddit.com/r/4chan/comments/sq6ao/passing_out_with_b_not_the_best_idea_ever/) | [/r/4chan](/r/4chan) | 12 | 208
1 year | [KidB91](/user/KidB91) | [A 4channer tattoo's a penis onto the forehead of an unconscious party goer.](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/ipdun/a_4channer_tattoos_a_penis_onto_the_forehead_of/) | here | 228 | 221
* See **2 more** matches at [KarmaDecay](http://karmadecay.com/r/WTF/comments/10q8zm/some_guy_on_b_4chan_tattoos_a_penis_on_a_somebody/)
*This is an automated response* 
[FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/help/faqs/SimilarImageBot) | [Send Feedback](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=SimilarImage&subject=Feedback Id 10q8zm&message=[Link to post](http://reddit.com/comments/10q8zm/\) 'I like feedback') | [Report Error](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=SimilarImage&subject=Error Id 10q8zm&message=Have you read the FAQ? Please specify the error.[Link to post](http://reddit.com/comments/10q8zm/\) 'Help me grow')
"Is there any evidence outside of western propaganda that the Soviet Union was as bad as you claim?"
This is about as nuanced as the arguments of holocaust deniers, or members of the flat-earth society. The people posting on this thread claiming that Stalin was responding to some grand Nazi conspiracy, clearly have an ideological axe to grind, and won't be diverted from that by anything as trifling as facts, or the historical record. So Stalin really thought that the entire leading cadre of the Bolshevik Party, composed of revolutionaries who had proven their uncorruptable character in the struggle against Tsarism, were in league with the Nazis?
Trotsky, Rakovsky, Kamanev, Zinoviev, Bukharin, Radek, Piatakov, Sokolnikov etc. And the artists Babel, Mandelstam, Pilnyak etc. etc. All Nazi spies? Really? Even though half of them were Jews who had spent their entire lives fighting for socialism?
Do you think it was the bureaucrats and careerists who Stalin surrounded himself with who represented the heritage of the October Revolution, and Bolshevism? People like Vyshinsky, the lead prosecutor during the Moscow trials, who had been a right-wing Menshevik, and opponent of the October Revolution, until he found a comfortable position in the Soviet bureaucracy?
Now watch a walk in the woods on YouTube.
Then you should know what goes on in reddit. I don't know why you don't.
It's probably your personality.  Work on being more outgoing.
for 100$ you can get an awesome racquet. Don't waste money on anything not full graphite.
Does the controller work in other games?
If yes - Okay, your controller is fine. Doesn't steam like a common glitch, have you tried going into your control settings in-game, and seeing if you can change it from keyboard + mouse -> gamepad.
If no - Try another USB port, on the front or back. Is it plugged in properly? Does the light on it light up? 
He only did what I wanted to do the moment the dancing started
Fucking double guns Anthony!
So, what high school did you go to?
I'm just sick of "They're not all like that" being a shield, simple as that.
You can keep accepting the actions of a group which are endorsed and supported by local law, government, and society on the basis that there are exceptions if you so chose, I don't.  I'd like to see a bit of outrage from the Muslim world about the actions of these assholes, instead of just being offended when a no-budget hate video surfaces from a jerkoff in Florida.  
They're intentionally being worked up and hiding behind this "Not all like that" bullshit as justification for treating them with kids gloves.  Too bad, they're like that.  If they don't like it, they should stand against it.
Some do, and I respect the hell out of them.  Those that marched on the bases in Libya for example.  HUGE respect for that.  Wish more did.
Agreed, /r/rape, /r/rapecounseling and /r/RapeIsBadDontDoIt should be banned. 
Wait a minute. 
You say people are allowed differing opinions. 
Then you say I'm silly, because I've got a different opinion to yours...
No, biff logged on my wireless once. I did not use him as an alt ever. Where did I say that?
I joined a random ace server and I couldn't even figure out how to get a gun. Then I got kicked because I drove a tank off somewhere because it was the only thing I could find that shoots. 
What you're looking for is pan-sexual men, and there's plenty of them out there.
Some bi-sexual guys might be alright with it, as well.  I'm bi-sexual and I'd be open to an intact trans-woman.  I wouldn't be interested post-op, however.  The surgery and everything that results from it just kind of grosses me out.
Pre-op?  Sure, I'd be all on board for that.
The state of Wisconsin is beautiful, Wisconsinites on the other hand are the complete opposite.
http://www.paulekman.com/
This guy did a investigation on and made it into a system called FACS that studies microexpressions and lets you know how the person is really feeling when they talk about things.  It's really good.
If you don't want the full system, get his book Telling Lies.  It's pretty good.
And book 2
And book 3
My first response was "Dude, fuck them."  Now I don't have to say it.  I do have to say this, however:
Go to Target and get yourself some maternity leggings.  They're the best thing that ever happened to a fat girl and I may never wear normal leggings again.
[Get Him To The Greek](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1226229/)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8lY5HxYGS4&feature=fvwrel
No. That's the worst part!
Sounds more like it's a problem with the Mac version of Flash
Stupid Flash. Just die!
Sounds like you have [fooled yourself.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Placebo)  25 fps is perfectly playable and usually medium settings are fine.  I have played games at gaming cafes with ultra powerful machines and the same games at home on my craptop.  My scores do not change, I don't become a gaming god on one or the other.  The only time I do badly is when I am off my game, nothing to do with whether or not the anti-aliasing is as crisp as I want it.
A good craftsman does not blame his tools.  Maybe you are just playing poorly in larger scale battles, which also  lead to reduced frames.
Coming soon John's [calculator](http://imgur.com/5C2lM)
i wouldn't put it past mangini to have tanked that game on purpose to screw the pats and get a better draft pick. there was nothing for the jets to play for
I say that vast majority of those accounts will go into freefall, fucking over dozens of games on their way down. This should definitely not be allowed and I have lost some respect for aprhomoo. 
Yes but if you freely choose to be together because you like it better than being apart, all that shit is nothing. 
Unless it is the Black Panthers!
Literally every single one of those expands government and takes away freedom and choice.
Me: Oh hey it's midnight, Sunday, and you have school tomorrow. Let's watch Doctor Who until 4am.
And here I thought the hippocampus was part of the brain.
"wow you are playing jungling? n00b" and "why no call mia on jungler" were ones i heard alot
I honestly don't remember the guy shooting himself in the head. I only remember the anchor saying "getoffitgetoffitgetoffit GET OFF IT!"
Skip the toner if your skin is dry!
You need moisturizer for dehydrated skin.
Personally, my secret tip is using Alpha Keri oil after I get out of the shower. You MUST apply it to wet skin, then just gently *dab* it off. It's great and super cheap:
http://www.walgreens.com/store/c/walgreens-shower-%26-bath-oil/ID=prod4130119-product
It's used as a bath oil though so make sure you check in the right section of drugstore. 
Lo que ayuda mucho es encontrar alguien con quien puedes practicar.
"Yeah, and I like barbecue.  Fuckin with me?  I'm fuckin witchu."
please excuse the image quality. the point of the post is that i had a flashback to a salvia trip i was so high.
Planet eclipse Etha or etek. Could buy used egos 
It sounds like fucking Jurassic Park back here.  We got some Hornbills about a month or two ago, and every few hours they start honking away, sounds like a mix between a goose and a Viloscoraptor
*I accidentally a whole word.
how old are you/where are you from?
This wouldn't happen to originate from reddit. Would it? And why do you fap when you shiver?
It is a good idea to avoid associating your real name with your reddit account.
Two new polls out of Massachusetts report that Mitt Romney is on track for an epic loss in the state where he served as governor -- possibly the worst home state beating of any presidential candidate in over a century.
In the Redwall community, they call it "LOGALOGALOGALOGALOGALOGALOG!"
You reload vehicle weapons with the default reload button, although I'm guessing you mean where do you replenish your ammunition. For aircraft you need to find a friendly landing pad and practically land on it to restock your ammunition after a little bit of time (you can tell where this is because it'll be a big white decal on it with three bullets in a box). Ground vehicles are a bit more tricky as you're impeded by speed, but at some bases there is an ammunition tower (with the same decal--three bullets in a box) and when you get near it you restock ammunition slowly. The Sunderer also has a certable feature that, when near one, it automatically replenishes your ammunition as well.
The certs that require 99999 cert points are certs that haven't been properly tested or are certs that aren't ready to be tested yet OR they are certs that are temporarily disabled due to unforeseen bugs or gameplay reasons (like the Galaxy's AMS cert). You're not supposed to access them yet.
Won't somebody please think of the subpixel rendering???
Since N'Sync were super cool and everyone wanted frosty tips on their head like Justin Timberlake, I bleached my hair with sun in. My hair was the most disgusting shade of orange. Luckily even in 3rd grade I realized it was a failure and didn't try that again. So I moved on to Lee Pipes...
And that is how he makes his money.  If he was nice, boring in bland he would have no other marketable skills.
Made it all the way to [the chest](/spoiler) used tellipills hoping it was a full health pill and got trapped in a closed of room. Had Full attack and Brimstone. Never been so annoyed in my life!! Well until i found out that the left hand achievement hasn't unlocked properly and therefore doubt that i will ever get platinum God Achievement!!! Oh Issac why do you hate me so ^^
I'm not a big fan of Red Lenses.
May our glorious Leader show our southern brothers the true way!  May they through down their arms and join us in our crusade of unification!
lol fuck a goomba
You want adorable Dashie pictures? [Don't say I didn't warn you.](http://nightmaremoons.deviantart.com/art/There-s-a-filly-in-all-of-us-307684396)
And if you haven't had a heart attack yet, I bring to you the level of [cuteness that is too high to measure](http://chubble-munch.deviantart.com/art/Dashie-Drinkin-314773012?q=boost%3Apopular%20meta%3Aall%20max_age%3A24h&qo=323).
I'm gonna have to give this a try. But I'd never sell back Halo. Love that game
SER NER LERV FER FERSH ERND TERTLERS ? HER SERD.
Interesting commentary. I agree with more of it than I did the original NYT article.
So if Romney does land a zinger, maybe Obama should laugh and say, "well, Mitt, I must say, your staff is really funny and you seem to have practiced that one very well." Obviously, he'll say no such thing. That's Joe Biden's job.
I get goosebumps when I hear that shit. Fucking awesome. 
    We put thirty spokes together and call it a wheel;
    But it is on the space where there is nothing that the usefulness of the wheel depends.
    We turn clay to make a vessel;
    But it is on the space where there is nothing that the usefulness of the vessel depends.
    We pierce doors and windows to make a house;
    And it is on these spaces where there is nothing that the usefulness of the house depends.
    Therefore just as we take advantage of what is, we should recognize the usefulness of what is not.
I did that last year and loved my costume.  People kept asking and I kept having to say I wasn't anything in particular but it really wasn't as big of an annoyance as I thought it would be.  I liked being something unique and it looked damn good.  
That specimen definitely looks like a robot...
I thought this was funny.
If Hi Rez (as a developer) were a movie, they'd be The Money Pit. Key theme of the movie was a house that seemed great and an awesome value at first, until the people who bought it found out everything was actually broken. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yil2jWQ5Oqg
Take it from Tribes. Once Smite is released, support will slowly be dropped for whatever new game is on the agenda. 
Agreed. I'm in the band section and at first I didn't see who he was throwing it to. Then I saw the wide open receiver and was like "RUN YOU MAGNIFICENT BASTARD!!!" Unfortunately we didn't have anyone downfield to set up blocks. GREAT game though.
I'm not down-voting you for defending Justin, I'm down-voting you for generalizing everyone here.
I haven't been active quite as recent. Try contacting Yerou, I believe he's still more active on the civcraft server.
UPVOTE FOR YOU SIR
That is the most brilliant bullshit, I've ever heard. At least they didn't start that way. In Bleach that one girl has boobs bigger than ichigos sword right off the bat.
There's blatantly porn in that box.
i have and given a sample i am waiting to hear back now ...
Exactly! I was thinking "Wait, I love giving her head, so what's the difference?"
Once again animal rights activists trying to change a culture that has been around longer then it has... First seal clubbing, whale hunting and now this
Is this the definition of meta?
I use a bodum glass infusion pot, probably not the best, but it was like $20 and seems to do the job.
I do really hate it when people over simplify their criticism of Islamic dress. The last criticism I saw on here was some ridiculous fundamentalist feminist spiel.
Although Islamic tradition and belief is largely archaic bullshit that has long been superseded, I am often amazed at the naivety of those who blindly fault it. That fact is that some of these traditions were, often failed, attempts to solve social ills and that there is a fundamental truth to all of them. Those that might have seen some success were often only viable for the conditions of the time. I hate those who criticise solutions yet cannot even begin to fathom the problems they were meant to address.
The feminists whine on about how it somehow concludes that men can't stop themselves from giving into temptation. A nasty, vile little psychological trick where they pass their own agenda under the guise of standing up for the other side. Of course, anyone with a little sense would understand the suffering unsatisfied temptation can cause. They completely bypass this issue though.
It was never funny. 
Calling names ...don't be so immature. It's a friggin cars post....you need to calm the fuck down.
The Omnivore's Dilemma. Great book on what we eat in america.  
I'm just happy Billy gave him a good place to go, and to re-unite with Gio. 
 No more water for you :P
I do it all the time with a blade its fine
I think it's along the lines of, if it's bigger than a hut it must be a temple.
That's not the safe word. 
Have you noticed that more kids rush for your fraternity just because you're in it.
My stealth technique.
Have a 4 part grinder (with kief screen and catch)
Put herb in toothed section, replace lid and put in freezer prior to grinding. Leave in freezer 30min+
take grinder out of freezer, turn upside down and grind (upside down means it keeps grinding without falling through.)
Turn right side up, give a few more twists to get the rest of the bud to fall through and then start shaking like a motherfucker.
Open up kief tray, marvel at the ammount you have been able to force off your bud.
Roll a normal tobacco cigarette, but sprinkle the kief all over the tobacco.
Smoke in public with a spliff that smells like tobacco and gets you high like a primo joint.
stop saying "crush". men don't say pussy shit like that. 
It actually sounds better in Thai.  I translated a bit too literally.  "Keep in touch" is probably a better translation; it is also a lot funnier given what it is written on.
I´ve meet so many nice persian women and you post shit like this. 
Honestly? Both. :( Sat down to see lions field goal, assumed they got the ball first. Getting food for halftime, missed the punt return. It was pretty ridiculous.
your teeth look yellow, but your not ugly
Anyone know K'ril from Zamorak God Wars Dungeon? 
Yeah... I'm fucked.
It'd be cheaper (time=money wise) and take much less effort to have a shop do it.
What schools are you looking at attending, and what is your likelihood of getting into them solely based on your grades and SAT/ ACT scores?
Most schools look first at your grades and scores, and only if you are an iffy applicant will they really focus on your extra curricular activities and work history.  I very much doubt doing an extra year of gymnastics will make you a stronger applicant to most colleges.  It just isn't that important.  Focus on your grades.  
Children are starving in Africa and you're just throwing onions in the trash. 
Actually they were engaged at 6.
Under Islamic jurisprudence, parents are legally allowed to engage their children against their will.
However, under islamic jurisprudence, nobody can actually ***marry*** (with all the rights and obligations) until they hit puberty (menstruation or nightly orgasm) AND have a minimum age of 9 (because of Aisha).
Yes.. but all that takes is just a bit of acetone & a qtip or something. 
In the first panel, Obama just stated that small towns have been lacking jobs. He said nothing about fixing that. 
Please only repeat every three months.
Which isn't even a problem, considering he's not from Italy.
Thank you! Fate is such a good series and Rin is so cute. This is actually my first cosplay but I immediately changed out of it a few hours later because I was so uncomfortable with people looking at me. Hopefully the next cosplay will be more successful in terms of longevity. 
I prefer a machete.
There's more of my comment for you to respond to. I'll wait.
Oh I'm not worried at all either. We kick ass. Just glad he was working out kinks against Wazzu instead of like USC or some shit.
I'm on my phone, so I can't feasibly post screenshots, but you have lines that outline shadows that are a different color from the shadows. Either delete those lines, or set the stroke color to the fill color. This is especially prevalent in the hair and the clothes. The strokes could use quite a bit of smoothing as well. My suggestion would be to redo it, only this time do it more slowly and pay more attention to detail
[](/twiwhy)Oh god why!? I thought "Cupcakes" was bad!
What was the answer?
Uh, what did Mr. Nerf_Hurrdurr do? 
You must be new here.
>A. The draft.
The draft (that thing which hasn't been in place for decades and has basically no chance of ever being put into place again, plus there are actually arguments in favour of the draft based on economic equality and frankly it's all a moral minefield) isn't given to men because men are disposable and women are valuable, it's given to men because only men are considered capable.
Men are the protectors and the leaders and so men go out and fight in order to protect people.
>B. Media and classic literature.
The same media and literature where the vast, vast, vast majority of protagonists and heroes are male? Go look up which academy award winning films pass the Bechdel Test, I'll wait.
Would you rather have to choose which of your children to let die or have to choose which of your parents to let die?
I spy a raspberry pi (background).
Probably one of the quieter players but Jon Beason from Carolina.
Oaklands kickers? But I guess their talents are used to full potential there.
Alright, look.  Your friend moved away a year ago.  A drunken creep who can't handle rejection managed to worm his way into your spare bedroom.  Who the fuck is this guy?  He's not the dude you hung out with.  He's some jackass who can't get laid and figured you'd be a push over.
You need to tell him just what you told us but take no blame, offer no consolation.  Be aggressive.  Don't let him think he'll be able to manipulate you.
Something straight forward and simple.
"Look, this isn't working out.  I thought you'd be cool.  Instead you've done nothing but remind me of why I stopped being your friend in the first place.  I offered to let you use my spare room since you were coming back to town.  I'm not at fault because you thought with your dick.
The only reason I haven't kicked you out is out of respect for our friendship but that obviously means fuck and all to you.  I want you out.  Pack your shit and find some place else."
Let me guess, Blordecai and Bligby?
god damn! huge blow to my childhood
It has a very unique sound to it.  I wasn't sure if I liked it at first, but it grew on me quickly.  Thanks for sharing!
Nice. I love TWM. Don't see enough TWM or CDE on these types of forums. 
trolls think fashion is stupid
I was thinking about H-mart. Seeing as its close to my work. Wasn't sure if they would have it. Though they do have a wide variety of exotic foods.  
Please tell me you're not their parent.
I'm sorry but this is such a general, boring component list and build, it looks like every other one posted on this site.  Buildapc should start a business where they build and sell just this becuase its exactly what they tell everyone to build anyway.
My Best friend LOVED this charcter
I like you. Good game.
I hope our bitching throughout the game doesn't diminish the fact that you guys played really well.
This one girl who I thought was super cool broke her leg in second grade. She got a lot of attention and special treatment for it in class so naturally I was envious. So what did I do? I tried to break my leg by throwing myself off of an old mattress that was propped up against the wall in my house. After one try I gave up when I realized how much that sucked. Also in first grade this other girl had one of those ear warmer bands around her head when we were bundling up to go outside and for some reason I wanted one... Went home and found an elastic Little Mermaid head band and wore it around my ears like I was hot stuff. I was a strange child who coveted strange things.
Uh.. you said god can rest on a cloud. The question here is if he can *land* on a cloud?
it gets harder once u graduate high school and the hormones level off
As much as I'll miss Nicks tonight, be will be just fine with Cruz and Barden, especially if he catches like he did last week.  Eli also has Hixon and Bennett to throw it too as well.
> I can hear it easily even with cheap headphones.
Sorry but you are kidding yourself big time if you think you can hear the difference between 320 and FLAC on cheap headphones. Even discerning between 192 and 320 is hard but doable with a decent set of cans+amp+dac, the difference between FLAC and 320 on a decent setup is damn hard to hear. [There is NO way you are picking between 320 and FLAC on a set of crappy headphones alone.](http://i.imgur.com/3vUYZ.jpg)
>(Plus I just miss that awesomely sleazy feeling of seeing someone I want to chat up, and pre-gaming by spritzing a shot or two of Binaca into my mouth. So very Leisure Suit Larry...)
I know that feeling ;)
well the last movie i saw was jennifers body so..... i could think of a couple of fun things i could do as megan fox
I think I just saw too many boobs?  Is that possible?
You mean that guy who was prescribing me shit at the clinic wasn't a doctor?
No wonder he operated out of his van...
He's just far too busy lying his fucking ass off at every available chance. 
I just don't understand why 2k has this in the game. You can't pause the game when play is live any other sports game I can think of.
Now that I have thumbprints on my monitor...
I don't see how you can see this and think 'wtf'. Yes, people have sex. Does that shock you?
My favorite verse is John 3:16 "For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life... Except gays" wait a second...
Show me a Muslim news source that cites this as the motivation behind the violence, as opposed to righteous indignation about blasphemy.
Muslims seem to have a habit of misdirecting their unrest at the whim of their religious leaders. The people who pull the strings enjoy weaponizing the angst of their followers, and everyone involved is complicit in that disgusting abuse of religion.
I'm reminded of owners tormenting animals for dog fights.
Teach him agnostic theism.
From there he can learn to think with reason and scientifically while retaining his belief in a deity, which could comfort him until more ready to move towards secular thinking.
Yea, KJV isn't helping things here.
It's saying "Don't answer the fool because X, Answer him because Y". To say this is a contradiction- or even confusing - is absurd (which is what OP was doing).
clear the system cache, worked for me when I had the same problem. Might have to re download the updates for your games but that doesnt take long!
oh yes, my username i use today originates from my Starcraft gaming.
Mhmm. PON3 Con After Dark was awesome, 10/10 would attend again.
(and I got SOOO MUCH BRAEBURNED ART)
Couldn't tell you, I don't own a 3DS. Pokemon White 2 + Black 2 will be on the regular DS systems as well.
Thank you for this post
[I have this play framed on my desk.](http://i.imgur.com/Q7ALK.jpg)  
I prefer 'Killing for Dummies'.
Why even say how long it took? Then it would have just been a neat drawing.
The closet economist in me adores this idea.
How about other instrumental stuff? J Dilla, Madlib, Cut Chemist, Nujabes, Clams Casino, DJ Shadow etc? Also if you're looking for alternative stuff I'm sure you've heard of Jurassic 5. 
Nana in Peter Pan was a [Newfoundland.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newfoundland_%28dog%29)
Mostly shard runs of Arah, AC, and CoF still in my server.
Why not just watch youtube videos on flexibility training? Or pirate bay works too for his videos instead of wasting $100 on something that may not work for everyone. 
Foxit is not free though.
> My problem with evolution is that even the most sagacious advocates of it...agree that it has NOT been wholesalely accepted...even in house.
"Wut?" - Ben
but most matches take less than 42 years
Mostly the first. Because it's hard to coerce people into involuntary staying in a state (since travel is nearly zero-cost), and because people don't want to lose the wealth they've acquired, conflict is kept to a minimum. It really isolates the variable of the State's tendency to change incentive structures. Because it can force people to participate in war, or at least extort the financing for it, war happens often in the real world not because it is in the interests of the people, but because elites can shift the costs of war onto the people and keep the benefits for themselves.
I can give you some advice for France, but I'll consider that you have at least a week to visit the country :
-Do not miss the Mont Saint Michel in Normandy, at any cost. It's the absolute best tourist destination ever. Maybe visit that site in the morning and noon, and take the rest of the day to visit the Normandy region in general, which is nice cow-country, true rural France (also, there are the WW2 beaches - with German bunkers and all, and allied cemeteries, which may interest you if you're American).
-Hit the "Chateaux de la Loire", or "Loire Castles" in English I guess - those are essentially beautiful, lush and rich Renaissance castles along the Loire river which is center-west of France. There are tons of them but maybe you should take a few days to see the most highly regarded ones (internet search). It's a nice region to cruise through too.
-In Paris, which is the obvious destination, check out the Père Lachaise cemetery (do an internet search to fidn the graves of famous people). Perhaps, you can also take a bateau mouche, those are pretty nice because many of the most beautiful buildings are along the Seine river :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bateau_mouche
Otherwise, visit the Notre Dame Cathedral, walk the steps of Montmartre, and if you like crowded massively huge museums, I guess you need to go to the Louvre. Also, there are places that tourists tend to not visit much : the "Panthéon", which features the graves of famous French people like Voltaire or Hugo, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panth%C3%A9on,_Paris , or "Les Invalides" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Les_Invalides which is a War museum and houses the tomb of Napoleon. In terms of security, you might want to avoid North-Eastern Paris which are the poorer parts - most aren't slums, but I guess you're more likely to get mugged there than in the other parts (I've gone there hundreds of times and have never gotten mugged, so don't be too paranoid, it's just the least sure places in the city).
-If you want to check out the Mediterranean coast, avoid Marseilles, go to Cannes or Nice, or even Monaco (which is a separate country, as you surely know).
There, that should give you a broad idea of the country. Obviously, you won't have enough time to see less well-known things.
Ever momentarily remembered something you were supposed to do, stop abruptly and turn around? 
You win the whole internet!
What if I have not chosen (0, 0) to be the origin? Or if I do not select any special origin point of R^2 at all?
That was in poor taste, but I laughed so hard at it.
He is going to use school software on the family computer in the office and in 2 years he will get a laptop for school work.
The banter with the doctor was hilarious.
Loved it when Carra came in!
But you can't make out with a dinosaur very well.
Dicks! that i bet has em, checked walmart and super K too. Thank you!
It's worth noting that it is not yet clear that what is discovered is the Standard Model Higgs boson.  It is known that there is a particle that has been discovered, but we don't yet know that it has all the necessary properties to conclude that it's the Higgs boson (spin, decay channels).
Nitpicking one word huh? Interesting form of debate. Well I won't let this go unanswered.
>I'm sorry, but threats are not threats unless they're actionable
Threats are threats. A threat is a declaration of intent to inflict harm on someone else. Whether the person is actually capable of following through on the threat is unimportant to the definition of a threat. The point of a threat is to intimidate someone in order to control them, to bully them into submission. You don't need follow through for a threat to be a serious issue.
Furthermore, she gets so many threats. Who is to say that one of them doesn't figure out where she is and that one of them is just crazy enough to try something? Isn't 4chan in particular famous for its ability to "dox" people?
>If those comments really counted as threats XBox live would have been taken down a long time ago.
Comments do count as threats and users who make threats on Xbox Live are banned.
I mean do it however you like, but I never understood why everyone tries to avoid awkwardness.
neopets chatrooms....the baby version of reddit. 
Please see the sidebar for: [Guide to airfare search engines](http://www.reddit.com/r/travel/comments/pkl3z/can_we_get_a_few_links_into_the_sidebar/).
Also you're thinking of [flying standby](http://www.google.com/#hl=en&output=search&q=flying%20standby) and it's just rare these days. They usually end up going to the gold members / frequent flyers of that airline anyways.
I tend to have a non-dogmatic approach to applying the NAP to animals. In general, I think that anything that can argue (even non-verbally) against some inhumane treatment has at least *some* claim the status of an "actor", and therefore some claim to the protection of the NAP. 
The question is "how much?". I usually feel that the degree to which a particular cruelty towards animals can legitimately be outlawed based on the NAP is roughly proportional to their observed objection to the treatment and the sophistication of their species ability to ideate about their treatment. 
I say species, because it's almost impossible to say in any one case how much a particular individual animal is going to object to some mistreatment without mistreating it, which kind of un-begs the question if you'll pardon my twisting of a term. 
This is also how my argument extends to the question of whether babies or invalids should be allowed to be mistreated because they can't argue back. No, they can't, but members of their species can, so they get the benefit of the doubt. 
I do. Stout, a Dunkel and two hard ciders are fermenting.  
That sounds fun. I wish my boyfriend stayed up until 3-6am.
Yeah that looks great. Any more specific into on where that place is?
In egypt you're only required to be sensitive if the blasphemy is against certain sects of islam, christianity or judaism.  Hindu? have at them.  Bahai? all yours.  Buddhist? who cares.
Yes, if you insist i will go on a date with you. 
are you running out of ideas??
Dark Souls starter boss. No thanks.
It's hard at first, religion does that to you - it acts as a crutch and when you lose it, it can feel like you're in freefall. But it always gets better with time. Keep giving him support and words of encouragement and recommend professional help if you think he needs it.
Yes. Make us out of replenish able building materials. Would both make us freaky resilient and be kinda crappy for the guy who has to give up his parts
I can't speak for him, but feelsbadman.
I'm the guy who created the video. Quinton Sung is amazing and I support him. I also realize my Hail to the Thief melodies are imcomplete. It was more of a test video than one trying to get views. However In Rainbows and the Bends I worked on a lot. I mostly created the videos because Quinton Sung hasn't posted anything new in 2 months.
[](/celestiamad)She knows the score... I'm ALWAYS watching.
Comcast from Foxridge. It's always fluctuating, but this is what it is now: http://www.speedtest.net/result/2212894620.png
I think there's a difference between talking casually and swearing and having your cover photo be you and your friends wearing only cardboard beer boxes as clothes. Which is apparently a thing because I've seen people do it.
I love wussy guys for some reason 
Yea I did that already with a ps3 and lap.  She didn't take to it on her own :(
You have to buy peanuts and mix them with the candy corn and/or pumpkins... its the sweet and the salty that makes it all sooooo goood :)
On paper, quad cores are great. In practice, Intel has much better performance per core than AMD. Plus this motherboard can take an i5, the slowest of which should outperform every desktop AMD chip currently available.
Best comment I've read all day. 
That was long; but made up in exciting incoherence what it lacked in brevity.
The internet is not really a window you scream out of at strangers.
It's a mirror, bj.
Have a little pity at that poor fool staring back at you.
That's the first I've heard of this happening.
Does your router have a built in switch? If it does, there will be more open ethernet ports on the side of it that you can connect to. If not you'll need a separate [switch](http://images.highspeedbackbone.net/skuimages/large/L48-1160r.jpg) to connect to the router, and then connect both computers through the switch
There is no shame in that. 
But you also have Reddit! :D
Yeah... I don't know how I should feel about it
Rainbowdash, because [AWESOME!!!](http://youtu.be/y-UtvYNWpSs) and because [MORE AWESOME!!!](http://youtu.be/AGg3u03JPfk) And because [this](http://youtu.be/WImRs-nWW48) and [this.](http://youtu.be/tOoY13bRGSI)
Need I say more?
Well, I'm glad to be able to put a smile on someone's face. Keep on gaming and having a good good time for yourself and I shall tune in next time. :)
Speaking as a man, I literally cried when I saw this.
I don't think that's the same one, note the bands on the legs.  Given the location it's probably not represented on BugGuide.  I'm not familiar with them, according to Wikipedia (not the most reliable source) they're harmless though.
even though OP specifically wanted it to be stored on the device?
The fact that most UK officers are unarmed is one of the strangest things in modern policing. It's as much cultural as anything else I find, because there are many other forces with low gun crime levels that are armed as a matter of course. 
I do wonder if opinion will ever tip towards arming UK officers, although I'm certain that the procurement, maintenance and training costs of arming UK officers would keep it out of the question for the next few years at the very least. 
Um... what? Is there an inside joke that Im not getting?
Hi there, I'm sure this will be buried at this point, but here goes anyways.  Thanks for the AMA and I have one question that I have been dying to find out ever since I first watched your movie prop collection videos on Youtube.  Where did you get the Fifth Element element stone props?  I'm assuming you made them yourself?  It has been my favorite science fiction movie for a decade now, and I would love to have something like that myself.  Thanks again.  I love your show!
it's a moronic statement yes, but not as moronic as believing in god.
Why are your explosions so awesome?
Honestly, if you are inactive, then maybe the resignation process is a formality you don't have to go through.  Although it is all up to you.  
=.= No, my sleeping and having relations with other males, as well as females, is what makes me 'not straight'...
So? Why is every truck owner so obsessed with how other people drive their trucks? My Dad has a 2010 Ford F-150 Lariat, and he manages a branch of a uniform retailer. He has a truck because he likes driving trucks, and he takes his boat in and out of the water a few times a year. Stop being such a truck hipster.
Felt sorry for him, actually, having to commit for that.
Question: Why do you hang around this place?
Rarely do I play A,A. Because some dork out there (RL or OL) thinks their 7,2 OS will win and 7,2,K,9,4 usually comes out when I have A,A. Been playing poker years. I've yet to win with A,A.
Though, I had 2,2 once on Big Blind. Flop was 2,K,2. I raised, everyone folded except someone who re-raised me. (You guessed it, He held K,K) and, well.... it's not much to brag about but I sort of liquidated 800 bucks from that guy in that hand. (1600 dollar pot) he was slightly pissed. 
How many hands did I win that night at the casino?. . . . . . . . . 2. The first was a 10,10 and flop had a 10 in it. beat out two pair, shrugged it off, took that small pot of 100. 
But........ A,A is getting over-rated. No one plays poker WELL these days to make such a powerful pair seem attractive any longer. My immediate reaction to it is (Imagine you're reading this on the Condescending Wonka Image Macro), "Oh? You got A,A. What was the flop?"
Anywho, yes, you can't be seen whilst playing OL poker. Good realization! Have an upvote!
There would be no stopping me. I would order perogies, cake, chocolate bars, a thanksgiving meal, and more stuff that I cannot think of. Then, assuming we are talking about execution being the mode of death, I would be too fat to be hanged, or fit in the electric chair. 
I've never tried it.  I prefer long aged dark rum.  I have bought a flagon of Kraken, which is ok, but spiced rum isn't my thing and I am very susceptible to headaches from cheaper rum.  Honestly, Appleton would be my go-to for anyone who doesn't know rum.  As Glen Livet is the scotch for people that don't drink scotch, so to I think Appleton is the Rum for the non-rum-drinker.
What? This has absolutely nothing whatsoever to do with freedom of speech! Are you nuts?
You missed 'spurt' going diagonally up and left, ending in the 't' on the top row, second column.
Upvote so the rational posts like this one can make it past the retarded jokes.
Most uk unions do this actually, I've been to loads
Yeah, potato v. tortilla. It ultimately boils down to personal preference. Apples and oranges are both fruits. Why not just eat an apple if you like oranges or vice versa? Because they are both distinct and appeal to different people for different reasons.
I still don't want to become full vamp.  I want to be able to die and I want to die human.
99,809,526,000,000 for those wondering
To me wearing them on the shoulder looks better (unless you're wearing it for practical reasons like you're at a festival), because occasionally I've seen across the body look pretty terrible where it can sort of cut between your breasts and it somehow makes tops look a bit weird. On the shoulder looks more casual, maybe a bit cooler.
Living in Canada it was pretty dumb of me never to wear a hat since it would flatten my hair.
I use Well of Blood and find it really useful for ally support, but I also have the trait that makes wells use ground targeting (and I haven't had much trouble with people not standing in my wells--I've actually been pleasantly surprised on that count, so this may be a YMMV thing).  
There was a [recent post](http://gw.reddit.com/r/LifeProTips/comments/yu1gy/success_fruit_fly_massacre_using_vinegar_and/) about this on reddit claiming that an open container of mad dog 20/20 worked like a charm where nothing else would.
PC or console? If you are on the PC there are console commands to resurrect dead NPCs. Console, try reloading some old saves.     
This is awesome.  I read an article about doing this a while back.  If I am not mistaken, the "stone" background is Styrofoam right?  Please correct me if I'm wrong.   
Thanks.  I personally wear doc martins, which have leather tops.  The last pair I had lasted me 3.5 years of daily use before the sole completely died, so I have high hopes for this pair.
As a mother, I agree that they are two different types of loves entirely. You really can't compare the two. But if there was a horrible accident and I had to pick between saving my fiance or daughter I'd pick my daughter. Because I know my fiance would want me to choose her as well.
(Consider the fact that your children are for life, and there's a much less likely chance that your SO will be around in 8 years.)
Chicken stir-fry with the Elixer of Life to drink.
told my mom to put lightning bolts on the side of my head with clippers. oh yeah. im white
nice explanation. it used to be insanely hard to win vs a team that gets the early 2 towers in the safe lane. people just used to do the same on their side. now hopefully more people will contest it!
You are filthy rich. You shouldn't be worrying.
Anyways your commute would likely be into the city on an express bus then one quick one up to the west side of lake union. Wouldn't be too bad.
So, the surplus isn't as much as the video makes it out to be? If that's the case, doesn't that mean that the bees that are kept on farms will die off every winter?
That zone blocking us killing him bad and it doesn't help that the raiders are always down a couple touchdowns, so he can never really get started.
[this post has been linked to by r/ShitRedditSays](http://www.reddit.com/r/ShitRedditSays+none/comments/10qfna/hey_youre_thinking_about_suicide_you_fucking/)
This is exactly what I was looking for.  Thank you
I don't see any bacon anywhere. I have lost interest.
I feel bad for laughing at the Hartley gif.  He looks comically upset...
Hahaha "Hello Jonas" . They obviously mixed up 2 tickets . 
I know the pain of taking your first gender studies class in university, and having a 'what about teh menz' professor, it's horrible. I enjoyed my second gender studies class though, it can be a lot of fun.
(In a way) what could be a more rewarding college experience than getting an upholder of the patriarchy fired from academia? :D
Fair enough : )
Alright, you'll be amazed when you go, the Islands are truly a magical place. (sounds corny but for real)
In the same boat.
Haven't got to the 'sowing of wild oats' part but... it cant wait. I've been offered a FWB-type deal but kind of hesitant. She seems a little *too* into it... if you get what I mean?
Here's a response I made to another redditor looking to develop his Ne and resolve his issues with social anxiety.
>Studying all of your functions overall and seeing how you apply them in everyday life is the best way of developing any of them.
>
>For social situations specifically, you need to identify what your weakness is, how you react in those situations and how you can stop yourself from having that instinctive response. Not all INFPs have trouble with socializing for the same reason.
>
>If underdeveloped Ne is really your problem, the best way to develop it is to rely on it. Like muscles, functions don't get stronger if you don't use them. As your dominant function and source of comfort is Fi, your compulsion is to stay within the confines of the "firewall" that your Fi puts between you and the world.
>
>Normally most things don't enter your perception for analysis (Ne) without being evaluated and judged (Fi) even if these judgements are minor or even unnoticeable (your dominant function is the hardest to notice in your cognition because it is the most natural.) Your Ne can neither function without this filter, nor function at its fullest potential if this filter is too strong.
>
>You'll notice that ENFPs with dominant Ne and auxiliary Fi usually have no problem with social interaction because they evaluate nearly everything after they experience it, not before. They don't get caught up in pre-emptive and defensive evaluations during conversation because these have no real place in spontaneous socializing. The more you use your Fi, the less you'll use your Ne and the less you'll develop it. Both are active at all times, but one can heavily outweigh the other. Your goal is to allow that balance to tip in the other direction if necessary. At the same time, don't aim to shun or treat your Fi as a weakness. It is your biggest strength and there are many social narratives where it can be applied. If you have strong opinions about something, speak your mind. That in itself is a good way to make use of your Ne and Fi in a balanced way. Your Ne is your loudspeaker for your Fi and Te after all.
>
>INFPs can turn into bunkers of judgement where they can sit and evaluate things without actually involving themselves in the world; lest they risk letting people they have not approved into their bunker. The worst case scenario of this is the Fi-Si tertiary loop where their external functions shut off almost entirely and their personality resembles a turtle that has gone into its shell.
>
>They have to realize three things.
>
>1. It's impossible to only ever interact with people you have personally "approved" of. Sometimes you just need to take in the world as it comes, not on your own terms. You've conditioned yourself to view this as a threat when it isn't.
>2. It's equally impossible to judge everyone in a crowd without wearing yourself out. Don't view crowds as a ton of individual people, but as one singular entity from which you can pull individuals out of.
>3. Raw, unfiltered social interaction is only tiresome to the person who is trying to constantly deflect and filter it. If socializing is wearing you out then it's because you're going about it on the path of most resistance.
>
>Basically you'll have to force yourself to do things that feel both unnatural and uncomfortable for a while. Keeping in mind that it's for the greater good and that succumbing to the comfort of your dominant Fi will only ever be a short term solution. Like any learned skill, eventually it will become natural and a part of you. You're rewriting your subconscious thought (the bulk of your mind) through elaborate and repetitive rehearsal of conscious thought (the outer shell of your mind) and that kind of thing takes effort and time.
>
>Another problem Fi dominance can bring to socializing is that it centers heavily around identity. Many INFPs believe that if they become social people then they will have to abandon who they were before entirely (because most social people they have observed don't appear to have much of a reclusive side.) This isn't true. Having the ability to be social and outgoing doesn't take away your ability to do the exact opposite. It just puts more control of your actions into your own hands, not your subconscious.
>
>Hope this helps.
Also, when it comes to not making impulsive Fi based actions, you'll find that developing your Te will benefit you more in that area. Ne is not involved in making decisions, only seeing what decisions you can potentially make. Fi and Te are the two ends of your judgmental scale, so if one is weaker than the other then you won't make rational balanced decisions as well.
The thing is that everyone is both introverted and extraverted. If an INFP is having trouble acting the way an extravert would, the best way for him to learn is to simply fake it and learn by experience.
Doing so does not make him/her an extravert though. Their introversion is the product of preference, not behavior. Nothing short of massive psychological trauma can change that preference. It can however have a lesser grasp over them and how they choose to act. If they learn how to comfortably be more outgoing and upbeat, they don't cease to be INFPs. They simply gain the ability to be outgoing if they so choose.
You could also raise the COT by running a fuel line from the lower tanks to the orbiter and staging its engine to start along with the two jets.
Pkmn Platinum is the only one that is unavailable.
...be able to help* 
Your post led me to this: [Doom on the ZX Spectrum](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3v7cFGneuaw&feature=related).
Need more info.  Error messages, OS type, etc.
Are you sure about that? I have heard that once the sun rises or sets in one place, it just goes and does the same thing at another place. For example, it will set in Chicago about an hour after it sets in New York, and a couple hours after that, it can be seen setting in San Francisco. I'm sorry to be the one to tell you this, but the sun is not faithful to you. When you think she's gone asleep for the night, she's actually showing her goods to other men around the world.
This sketch, her sketch with David Tennant ('ummmmmm excuse me....can I axe you a question???' ), and her time as Donna Noble is some of my favorite work. I love Catherine Tate and was so sad to see her leave as a companion 
I went in October, left from Los Angeles and went up to Canada and back. It was cold and it required more clothing than it would have in the summer. It also got dark early and my own personal rule of not riding an overloaded dirt bike at night on unfamiliar roads made the trip longer than it could have been. I also was lazy and didn't get on the road until 9-10am some mornings.
My only real advise is to take more pictures. I didn't take enough. And take pictures that are not just the bike parked in front of something.  
Hey, this reminds me of me! All the time.
.
Lol. Love the internet Alpha male routine. Go play CoD. 
You don't need to watch the shows in any particular order... but eventually people get curious enough to watch every single one, only because you need to fill in holes when it comes to references that are made, and the somewhat sketchy ongoing plot development.
I would say start with picking from among the recent episodes (since 2005). There's a big list [here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_doctor_who_serials), and you can find them all on Netflix.
and loosly based on a true story of two little sisters who went missing whilst looking for an adventure of their own in their new neighbourhood and were found drowned in a lake.
where is this?
edit: [found it](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bn09g1bwgDc&feature=plcp)
Hours of drawing this just for karma
I think a lot of people come and leave when they see no one there. Sometimes you just got to risk it and stay to see if someone else comes in. 
Otherwise, weekends are the best time for obvious reasons. 
im green with rage right now
Maraquan Stamp Set seems to be the #1 favourite for a new Stamp avatar.
Hey me and my roommate will be coming. It's our first time coming to one of these shindigs. How will we recognize you.
I met her last night after a performance. This is 100% who she is. I am over the top in love. I did my best to talk her into moving to Seattle so that I can see her ALLLLLL the time. She is honestly so gracious and kind and REAL that you just want to be around her. Because of her, I was able to talk a friend who has severe social anxiety about her weight into coming out. Then her big girl friend came. Then another larger friend who's in a wheelchair. In the end, there were 9 of us. Latrice is an inspiration. 
i tried it on my nipple once, it took the hair right off but made my nipple red and burn a bit because it wasnt washed off properly..
Well it is a picture... Haha lesson learned
Please do take the test before its too late, even though it was a miscarriage the last time, who knows you might get pregnant.
This because as you told vampires can't get humans pregnant (or something of the sort) but it sill did happen....
Please take the test, better safe than sorry...
You *would* make me remember Planethalflife, you magnificent bastard.
i sent to jesus@heaven.com
I don't consider it as much "Ugly" as I would think of it as "Intimidating". 
The A-10 personified would be one of those guys who are 5'7" tall and 5'7" wide, who can benchpress a WV Beetle, who still likes to run a marathon every now and then. You know that although he looks rather ... different he definitely is not someone you want to annoy.
Are you retarded? Why would it display his own name on his phone? Jason is texting Alex. Alexandra.
And fuck the dieticians, those bastards be lyin'.
duuuuude... i can't quite believe what is happening right now. so crazy. speechless. love this team. fjeialkjleadfscvx,a.
you're getting a little bit too much pleasure from that.
Im on the football team at school no joke made varsity and its amazing everyone is really amazed and then there are those dumbasses that call me a chode, lesbian etc so i keep a thick head skin and continue with life!
I think you don't know a fuck about the beta.
Blizzard wants to make mech viable in TvP, but since the only anti air that terrans have when they go mech are vikings, protoss just go full air and storm on the vikings. Terran has to go full vikings when they go mech or they just die, and when they go full vikings, they have no ground army and vikings get destroyed by storms. So mech isn't viable at the moment because of the lack of AA.
I'm honestly feeling 51/49 in favor of ripping off a drug dealer would be more fun than playing with a dildo. 
The kool-aid description made it sound like I was drinking over processed orange powder with water added to it.
Epic choke is the best description (someone on r/golf said they should have selected Heimlich for their team!). From 10-6 up to lose 14.5 - 13.5 has to be a shocker for the Yanks. Of the 5 matches that got to the 18th, USA could only get one point. Really thrilling by the European team.
They said that going into the Pocket dimension would get rid of Monster zoo rewards.
But telling others is never a bad thing, especially when nothing else is being said here.
he must be white or american. oh wait there's a roach in it. they don't roll with roaches in america BITCH!
watching it made me sleepy
You can do it, I believe in you :)
I love Sinn Sage.
bonehunter belt and twinblade for 3 commons?
Visted for the golems, stayed for the music.
All PvP and WvW videoes should be made with 80's movie music. Push It to the Limit would a great one too.
So you're suggesting that we pay contractors money to do what military does already? You know ends up happening? They end up getting paid 3x as much as US military and they end up being US citizens anyway. 
I am made fun of for my like of candy corn...
Mostly, because I will eat it with salted penuts. Mostly.
My Tai Kwon Do teacher told a story of his teacher getting in a bike accident and automatically tucking into a shoulder roll as soon as his body left the bike. He ended up tumbling his way across the intersection, getting up, dusting himself off, and waiting for the police to arrive on the curb. When the paramedics got there they exited the ambulance with a body bag and their jaws dropped when they saw him sitting there, just fine, except for some severe bruising.
I wish more people would read and understand this.
[](/party) Well, I feel I should give you the [customary welcome gif](http://i.imgur.com/1o9uX.gif).
Don't worry about this post getting downvoted - this sub just doesn't like grimdark stuff much. It's better suited to /r/mlpmature really.
This is why we can't have nice things.
Give us the link! Give us the link! Give us the link!
>Cleaning the house half naked
When it gets hot in summer, as SOON as I get home I throw off the work clothes and the wardrobe becomes a tank top and skivvies. 
Try doing that when the Boy Scout Troop is over for a slumber party.
Fire Island is an island off the coast of New York's Long Island that has a tourism-based seasonal economy with heavy catering to the LGBT community.
I can't bring myself to watch The Land Before Time ever since I found out what happened to the little girl who voiced Ducky.
Electric razors usually do the trick for me. 
Exactly. The Church of LDS obviously has a significant amount of members and needs some level of administration to oversee the different temples (?) and associated organizations. Also I believe the building on the right is a Canadian government building in Ottawa, but I could be mistaken.
Listen, this happens to everyone...don't be surprised if it eventually happens to you.  The best way to get over it is to disconnect from the person, such as your wife is doing.
Yeah I went to high school with 2 of the guys at a Gamestop down the road. I never buy stuff there but they I like to come hang out.
They don't like the idea of trying to sell people crap just as much as the next guy, but it's part of their job. Sometimes you just gotta pay the bills, something some people don't get.
so we would still be allowed to call muslims frauds, womanizers and child molesters...just dont call the prophet those things?
laugh out loud at "man jewels". sigh
I try to be extra polite to janitors/lunch ladies at my high school. Teachers too. Spending all day with shitty teenagers has got to get old, so I reckon being nice could go a long way for some people. 
did you write 2 in place for 'to'?
*whispers* you're on **reddit** man! run for your life!
I really wanna play this now.
Hmmm. Well, I suppose that depends strongly on how you measure returns. 
But that strikes me as very flawed reasoning in regards to the 100 rep bench comp.  Training stength for a test of conditioning and endurance is not going to be as effective as training conditioning and endurance.  Strength does confer more endurance at lower weights, but not to that degree generally speaking.
I have removed your submission as the source resolution is actually 500x500. Please resubmit with the proper one listed.
Because they don't want to fight each other, they've both publicly stated it.
Liberal Fascism. Read it and then tell me if you think you're "Liberal"...
You're currently sitting at -1, but I don't know why. Midnight is 12 AM, and noon is 12 M. It is technically correct to say that there is no such time as 12 PM. That would be like saying that noon is in the afternoon.
Don't sell yourself short. I'm in my mid-30s and while I don't think I'm unattractive I'm certainly no Hollywood star. I currently have two girlfriends and two sex friends. I went on a date with a new woman last week and will again this week. I tell all the women I meet that I only want a casual relationship, and it works for them. 
You just have to put yourself out there and try. I actually think it's easier now than it has been - the men of this generation are kind of lame. No offense to any guy reading, but look how many women are here with us in this subreddit, then go browse r/sex and see how many women are frustrated because their guy spends more time playing video games/on the internet/masturbating to porn than he does with her.
So competition is at an all-time low. Go out there and find someone you can have regular sex with. Thank your wife for giving you this option, where most of our partners wouldn't even consider it. Good luck! 
The movie is coming out on the 26th. It looks amazing. 
I really don't like listening to music at all.
I listen to audiobooks and podcasts. 
My experience as a woman is that most men do not.  As a woman, I like trimmed but not shaven.   Shaven on a man looks creepy and gross to me for some reason.  It might be hot as a one time "let's try this" kind of thing, but all of the time: no.  I also STRONGLY dislike when men shave/wax/trim chest hair, or at least to the point where it is bare/smooth.  
Hey, don't blame *us* because your bf's retarded.
Just because doctors can't refute it, doesn't make it true.
As far as I know we don't *'have'* any. We buy it from others.
http://i.imgur.com/SYB9v.jpg
Hope you will like it =) .
Haha, neither am I. 
Best set I've seen yet. Perfect. Any more of her?
Try telling them that you will be deducting it from next months rent. Give them copies of receipts to clearly demonstrate your expenses with a spreadsheet clearly itemizing the deductions (including the 1/30th of rent for the day you didn't live there).
Give them a copy of the lease and highlight the violations they committed as well as include a document that summarizes their violations. 
Send it to them certified mail.
Then when you give them the rent check write in the memo section rent $X - expenses $Y = $Z net. 
Make sure you include a copy of the documents you sent them (documents listed above) with rent check.
I'd send it certified mail as well, and I'd make sure that they RECEIEVED it at least 1 week before the rent due date.
Still waiting for my pre-order Carpenter to come in. :(
Defrauding an agent is equivalent to defrauding the principal.
Please explain otherwise.
I know it is not exact, but I always 1/3 for 30%.  I like your way better.
With the alphabet in it for good measure?
I don't think that would translate well to a BLT, but maybe.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
title | comnts | points | age | /r/
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[Hey, this looks like my spot!](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/xkvih/hey_this_looks_like_my_spot/) | 2^coms | 18^pts | 1^mo | funny
[Zero fucks given](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/rnvpn/zero_fucks_given/) | 55^coms | 860^pts | 6^mos | funny
[My cat always does this !!!](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/ngiho/my_cat_always_does_this/) | 87^coms | 759^pts | 9^mos | aww
[Damn cat...](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/109nr9/damn_cat/) | 2^coms | 18^pts | 9^dys | pics
[No, human. That's enough computer for now. It's time to play with me](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/zywyz/no_human_thats_enough_computer_for_now_its_time/) | 80^coms | 1309^pts | 14^dys | gifs
[The most comfortable place in the house](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/ogott/the_most_comfortable_place_in_the_house/) | 190^coms | 1011^pts | 8^mos | funny
[Cats love keyboards](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/nefvd/cats_love_keyboards/) | 7^coms | 51^pts | 9^mos | gifs
[Is this how Reddit works?](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/nd7i5/is_this_how_reddit_works/) | 9^coms | 20^pts | 9^mos | funny
[No. Stop. You're done. Your time on the internet is over. [GIF]](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/lb9b9/no_stop_youre_done_your_time_on_the_internet_is/) | 14^coms | 50^pts | 11^mos | funny
["oh you're doing something important? well, im just gonna sit riiiight...here."](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/kwg4r/oh_youre_doing_something_important_well_im_just/) | 35^coms | 321^pts | 1^yr | funny
[The easier statistic would be to find the number of people on reddit this hasn't happened to](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/jv21s/the_easier_statistic_would_be_to_find_the_number/) | 21^coms | 108^pts | 1^yr | gifs
[There is no place like right here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/jhw6c/there_is_no_place_like_right_here/) | 3^coms | 22^pts | 1^yr | funny
*[source: karmadecay](http://karmadecay.com/i.imgur.com/r5AWI.jpg)*
Couldn't agree more that you shouldn't usually get them.  Also remember that many (most?) credit cards already increase a warranty if you buy with them.
I found [a picture of the engine bay](http://i.imgur.com/VqufC.jpg).
Wha- what is it? 
Goddamn I thought I was the only one!
A lot of people overlook that FOE is as much a Fallout fanfic as it is a ponyfic. It has elements inspired from FO1/2 and FO3/NV. I was only familiar with FO3/NV when I read it and only later learned how much I had missed by not having played 1 or 2.
Chaox just got served by Aphro on the #11 TSM Invitationals.
http://www.solomid.net/brackets
Cassel is THE worst starting qb in the NFL, hands down.  I'd take tebow over cassel.
I got bored of my old Desktop, so I decided to change it up last night. (Old: http://imgur.com/Mjo3U)
Skins:
Wallpaper- http://imgur.com/UdQGr
Windows Theme- http://zainadeel.deviantart.com/art/Shine-2-0-for-Windows-7-172671190
Start Orbs- http://binarycolour.deviantart.com/art/Simplistic-Start-Orb-172629711 
Change Start Orb with- http://kishan-bagaria.deviantart.com/art/Windows-7-Start-Orb-Changer-v5-153001999
Explorer Icons- http://tiheum.deviantart.com/art/Faenza-Icons-173323228 (not shown)
Clock and System Monitor- http://rasylver.deviantart.com/art/Flip-Clock-v1-3-154070267
Top Bar- http://browse.deviantart.com/?qh=&section=&q=Enigma#/d1ptasn
Launcher- http://danieliop.deviantart.com/art/Simple-RM-Launcher-216478809
Edit- To make icons on taskbar in the middle- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6I9nSmYmEw
Edit2- I found some mirror's edge start orbs, but for some reason my computer is being a bitch and whenever I try to change my start orb an error message comes up. Help? (ME start orbs- http://fav.me/d566kha)
Edit3- Gave the wrong link for one thing. Thanks to ibtbwb for pointing this out.
Does anyone else find it funny how Fox News aka "execute everyone, bomb the shit out of every damn country" treats their viewers like innocent, little children that should shield their eyes, when the death they are seemingly so detached from is in her face?
that is a totally valid criticism.  If I were saddleback I would be pissed, but I'm not and its not a terrible business plan
I hope so! I've never made it before but it sounds amazing. 
I've actually been once to scotland. Funny story. We were fishing on an Faroese autoline ship in rockall bank, and then the cpt. had read the map wrong and put 20 rows of line into some closed area and then 24h later, the scottish coast guard came and busted us. Then we headed to Ullapool and had to drop anchor just half a mile outside the docks. Then we weren't allowed to go to shore for like 3 days due to some politics and we had to tell them we were running out of food and water before we could tie up the boat
It will be interesting to see how TJ's does here. They certainly have some hefty balls opening a location in the same plaza as the Wegman's superstore.
Okay, thank you so much. I've decided if I notice anything abnormal from now on I will immediately tell my parents. Thanks for the help, and if it does happen again I won't even hesitate to go to a doctor. Again, thanks.
A friend is caring for a similarly paralyzed stray which had been hit by a car. It's slightly better, a lot happier and caught a mole the other day :)
When I was in 4th grade I thought it was cool to spit every minute or two until people started making fun of me for it
Ok it is fixed. Even though I deleted my corp exchange account Exchange Services was still using 50% of the cpu. I added the account back and miracle of miracles Exchange Services is now down to 5% of usage.
Weird.
Woah, fuck, gaol is pronounced the same as jail??
I did not.
And to be honest, I don't believe you.
Even Obama is against civil liberties.
He is the #1 pusher of the so-called Patriot act.
When I started, When I played bronze, I got the basic Packs. When I played silver I got the 'silver packs' (worth 20k credits I forget what they're called), then I read here in this sub-reddit, that One guy only bought SPs and SPS, and nothing else.  Since then, that's all i've bought and I have everything up to rares maxed and all URs. 
Now, i'll concentrate on consumables and the occasional PSP. I usually purchase the JEP or packs for that. 
That will last longer than a bouquet of flowers!
Jaime would destroy Ned. No contest. Barristan Selmy, who served alongside some really impressive knights in the Kingsguard, calls Jaime the best natural swordsman he'd ever seen. Says it all. 
I'm not really surprised redditors were eager for approval as children.
[Karmadecay](http://karmadecay.com/i.imgur.com/p6YAh.jpg)... though I hadn't seen this before.
I regret watching this
Well, OP didn't say who's giving and who's getting...
Just give vendors a few months to retrofit their machines, it's a cost saving measure, it just takes everyone a little while to catch up.  The same argument was made when we got loonies in the first place.
They are very dear to my cock......er, I mean my heart. 
My apologies: I forgot the disclaimer which conveys that my silly jokes do not reflect my actual views. Carry on.
Roll brown. I've cant recall a time Bradshaw had done stellar numbers (doesn't mean it hasn't happened). He's shown he can get 25 in my 1 ppr league. If you need a bold move I say that's it
why does everyone use this picture to point out reply?
she shoulda just killed her boss then her self
Thank you, I book marked it for future reference.
http://bossip.com/529596/recession-is-real-thousands-of-people-standing-in-line-for-job-during-10-degree-weather-in-chicago-video69691/  
It happens all the time. People want to work you know. 
The problem with creating figures on this scale is that the sculptor has to be *really* accomplished to: 1) create a reasonable likeness of a real, living person and (2) be able to anticipate how the production process will distort the result. Most action figure sculpts use material which shrinks during production, so producing a very lifelike representation of a person means that the sculptor *has to add extra material to the accurate sculpt of a person*. Essentially, it would be like adding 10 lbs. to the character, including in unexpected spots like the nose.
That's why it's so difficult to find a really good sculpt of a person in action figure form.
Exactly, I would buy it if it were closer to the $75 tier, but can't now that the funding period has passed.
Also those synth samples/presets would definitely sweeten the deal.
Come now, that's such a bad pun.
> Of course I understand that they had to change the plot in the middle of the series
Why did they "have to"? Was it because of the leak? Or due to Karpyshyn leaving? Either way, it makes no sense, they weren't obligated to make entirely new story.
? How would I not be sure? Would you mind explaining how the disportionate attention given to Jill's case is indicative of how these cases are reported equally?
Yes, Fewdio is just a bunch of horror/thriller short films. I know one of the directors/editors.
I'm afraid it's true; pooping with the door open is a proven gateway to the hard drugs.
it's a real life representation of reddit
actually he modified altair's version to prevent losing the finger.
altair's versionw as the orginal version.
i've read the book and played the game, I KNOW ALL
no its not! D:
Yeah, no joke. This was a few years ago, back when the only "known" food issues were shellfish and peanuts.
(What's interesting is the peanut-craze makes me a bit mad. Growing up parents of my friends were freaking the fuck out about peanuts to the point where peanuts were banned from school, no reese's cups for birthdays, that sort of thing. Everyone brought cupcakes and shit though and no one but me cared about that.
The reason it makes me mad is that recent science has shown that the old way of doing the allergen test specifically for peanuts had a 90%+ false positive rate, and a lot of parents didn't even bother getting an allergy test in the first place. In other words, most people who say they have peanut allergies really don't.)
He's probably doing it because you're getting pissed off.
[spoiler](/s "At least the Doctor can tell Brian that Amy and Rory got to live full, happy lives together but still are already dead due to time travel shenanigans.  Much better than having to tell him that they just straight-up got killed during an adventure like I was worried would happen.")
Apprently silverlight 5 does not work in chrome on mac os. :( But this post may fix the issue 
http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/336y-ROVvdg
Here is the supported requirements for silverlight.
http://www.microsoft.com/getsilverlight/get-started/install/default.aspx?reason=unsupportedbrowser#
One thing never changes, I can never figure out what the fuck 90% of death metal band logos say.
Awesome! I'll be heading to the bookstore soon.
So when is this going to take effect? There's an owner in my league who hasn't even logged in since being invited in the league (no lineup setting, no draft), and hasn't been replaced.  I contacted my commish a week or two ago, and this inactive owner still hasn't been replaced.
Shame, since this inactive owner actually started 3-0 (though will lose this week due to a couple of bye players in the starting lineup).
(P.S. - There's another owner who I just noticed hadn't logged in in the past 3 weeks, and while I haven't notified my commish, he's still there as well.)
Actually, now there's no microphone found at all. Even when i restarted.
By golly, you've been smooze'd!
It could probably happen if the leaders of most of these Islamic countries weren't so corrupt... They're more than happy to leave their populace uneducated and festering in their own backwards idea of "religion", since it means they can stay in power and have better control over them. With the recent Arab spring maybe this could change for the better.. provided the new people in charge don't try to further immerse themselves in religion, but instead focus on improvements in technology and science. Ultimately making the goal to better people's lives, instead of to better their religion. 
I've been trying to change my language ever since I saw this one post on here a few weeks back (can't remember). But instead of "not giving his wife an orgasm" I would say "his wife not having an orgasm" which takes sex out of the realm of male sexual dominance e.g. we presume that he has an orgasm every time he has sex (see: patriarchy). But then again in this context he is writing very much within the patriarchal values system and I could see that you would construct your sentence that way in response.
your wizard came in yesterday by the way.
No, that doesn't mean it at all. Certain foods were unclean. It doesn't mean that those animals were inherently sinful. It just means they were ceremonially unclean. It has nothing to do with sex being sinful, it has to do with being different then the rest of the world.
Even if i put all the flowers in the world all around you..you would be definitely the most beautiful one
It's called a stock. And yes, you usually should, but that's for accuracy. She's clearly just emptying the gun here, so hipfire is acceptable.
With a team like that, I'm really surprised at 0-4, much less 0-16. Good game.
*hugs* I'm sorry love, I understand what you're going through. Keeping yourself occupied might help. In your free time, take a walk or start cleaning, as boring as it sounds. It fills up your mind with something to do. Just remember that it's not going to be this way forever. Things really do get better. Every single person on this Earth has some value, and that includes you.
How does one go about shaving ones balls? I trim the top but I never touch the scrotum out of fear
are you positive it was under five mins?
What difference do sales make?  This is a criticism of quality and of their failures in listening to the community, not of the game's ability to profit them as a business. 
Or does satisfying the consumer mean nothing as long as you get the sales?  DICE/EA may not care what we think, that doesn't mean we shouldn't say anything.
I actually had a guy in Freshman year of high school offer to buy my retainer from me. He was going to give me $50. I decided it was a go and promptly lost my retainer before I could sell it. When I got a new one and asked if he still wanted to buy it, he suddenly didn't need one any more. Then he avoided me all the time.
Just now, its all becoming clear.
Adrian Veidt motivated me more. 
You're welcome! I went to Goodwill, 2 CVSs and a Rite Aid and all were out (this was a couple hours after I got mine). Oh well. The cheapest capsules I've found are at Bed Bath & Beyond because I often get their coupons in the mail. Otherwise, the next cheapest are ones they sell at Coffee Bean stores for 60¢ each (10 for $6)
The caller from skyrim. No problem here.
Tried it with my little belly. So much fun.
Are you from the Faroe Islands?
BIT.TRIP BEAT for WTF?
I just do not want to be in HEAVEN, if they are going!  It would be HELL to me.
My guess is it would be ok. It is alcohol, so it should kill anything it'd need to kill bacteria wise. Alcohol stops aging after it is open. But, google it. Everyone knows what is on Google is true...
Call me maybe.
You know it works. ;)
You need moisturizer for dehydrated skin.
Personally, my secret tip is using Alpha Keri oil after I get out of the shower. You MUST apply it to wet skin, then just gently dab it off. It's great and super cheap:
http://www.walgreens.com/store/c/walgreens-shower-%26-bath-oil/ID=prod4130119-product
It's used as a bath oil though so make sure you check in the right section of drugstore. 
Aww... here, have an upvote. And a cookie. And another cookie. And one more. I said ONE more. What are you doing? You fat fuck! Give those back!!! Look at yourself! Disgusting. Get some self-control.
And seriously, you should read it.
He obviously wasn't from Aberdeen then. 
And you can turn it off, geniuzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
I'm with the guild, can we work something out? (350 gold)
Anything. I said it!
sent.  also delete your email so spammers dont get it
.jpg go home you are drunk
i just dont want to see the same series again is all
Yes, I love that one, beautiful, both of them.
Shit sonner or later your employer will be able to charge you for using the rest room using the break room
so the cat held the pose long enough for you to take a picture, or you sat there all night with a camera on your face just in case the cat were to make a silly face....I find both scenarios quite doubt able good sir. 
Devil's advocate: Willow didn't start off as a gay character.  It's easier to have a straight character that later comes out than to correctly introduce a non-hetero character initially.  By the time her sexual identity was changed to lesbian, she was a strong enough character in her own right to be "Willow, who now happens to be gay" instead of "gay Willow."
Shave every few days in the hot shower, have never cut myself shaving.
His name is literally "Egg". Obviously, Martin was planning this reveal from the beginning.
hazukashii (恥ずかしい I think)  is to be embarrassed or ashamed. 
Thank you for the polite reply.
you:
> There's also the social aspect, where **being treated like a guy** just leaves a bitter taste in your mouth being segregated by gender depresses you because you had the misfortune to be born with a penis,
you:
> why nobody treats you like them.
These *appear* to logically imply you want to be "treated like a woman."  (Right?)  So, how do you want to be treated?  (Or not treated?)  
> It's a discomfort in your own skin, and your brain looking at other girls your age with jealousy
Do you mean, jealousy of their beauty? . . .  
Yea. I think how I was 2 years ago right before I started watching DW, and i remember how my mind would just run wild, and my thoughts would become incredibly paranoid of my roommates and friends. I began avoiding them all, shutting myself in my room so I would not have to witness them talking about me. All of the thoughts in my head telling me to just do it, and get it over with. That they should feel bad for talking about me. It was too much. 
I agree, this episode is amazing, as is all Doctor Who minus one episode that I don't care for. It's beautiful. OH! I just remembered one other thing that has brought me to tears, and that is the Ood song of freedom. Yea, the only two things that have really caused me to feel sadness: The song, and the Vincent episode.
Just set up your own router anyway.  If anybody comes asking about it, feign ignorance.  They can't legally enter your room without giving you 24 hours notice.
Following in your bold footsteps, I also googled it. I suddenly got super disgusted by how many people were tweeting/commenting that they hope that (mis)quote means Justin Bieber is going to kill himself. That shit is fucked up... 
/puts a [cock]ring on it 
have you ever eaten so much you threw up cause there was too much food in your stomach?
Keep it, however, I kept mine because it came with a hammock...
Statistically, your friend is much more likely to rape you. Fyi 
What? I need to see this. Someone got a link?
"You spoony bard!" Tellah FFIV
Im interested and im a ucsb student
[Hey man, nice shot](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9mJ82x_l-E)
man the fuck up
I don't really think you know what that means.
What were you and Jamie like as kids, did you blow lots of stuff up?
Arma 2 Co for both
Thanks for the new background!
Yea, watched them get beat by the yankees in the nosebleeds. Draft this guy.
It is very responsible for their popularity.
The Matthews photobomb toward the bottom of the page was hilarious.
of beer on the wall! 99 problems of beer! you take one down, pass it around, 98 problems of beer on the wall!
My first time in downtown Atlanta a homeless guy decided to escort me unasked to the Coca Cola factory which was within sight of my hotel, and another guy asked if I would trade shoes with him.
well yeah. They are old surplus. Back when the ussr fell the mosin flooded the market and the price for a basic surplus just crashed.
I did that with Mass Effect 3. Actually watched the *entire* game on Youtube because I didn't want to give EA $60.  I was honestly surprised some game review website put that up with EA's blessing.  I finally caved and got the game when it went on sale for $30. 
It has been 5 hours since this was posted... I expect that this was probably broken by now...  if not, you have beat my record.
Korean. For one thing, I think it's absolutely beautiful.
That, and I need to understand Lady Rainacorn.
As much as I love 1984, I can't finish We.  It's got great ideas, but bad writing.
Latest or tourney mode?
It's faded this way because it's extremely low contrast and the details are very small.  These both lead to poor fading. That's why the American Traditional style has survived for so long because the mantra is simple, bold, and high-contrast.
It's a nice little piece, but unfortunately I think touching it up aside from the general outline will just increase the muddiness.
EDIT:  That portion of the wrist seems to fade more than others as well.  Seems to have to do with how much that section of the wrist goes from being wrinkled to un-wrinkled, it blows out out the ink.
Not a tattoo artist here.
Not even on Wall Street.
Better off with a taser. A pocket knife won't do shit. 
Oh, hell yes. Michael Raymond-James. I hope he stays for a bit.
My only question is how do you have less than 200 miles? The day i got my bike+liscense i ran that fucker out of gas twice.
No, the bitarray contains only odd numbers; it's an optimization of the standard sieve to reduce storage by half, since only odd numbers can be prime (except 2, which the professor misses). A[0] refers to the number 3, A[1] refers to the number 5, and A[i] refers to the number 2*i+3. Thus, if j is a prime number then A[(j-3)/2] == 0.
Too bad your subject matter wasn't worth the time.
Funny, weird, sweet, cute, awkward, long haired. :) Lives 3 states away. :( 
Everything about this comment. To the point where I don't understand why people in college or younger even want to be in a relationship. That stuff's for married people. 
Where's a blog you wrote? I think you forgot the link.
how do you feel about frilly toothpicks?
This. 
don't shave, prickly hairs between your ass? no thanks.
yes.  Go into your backpack, click the gibus and the button "set style" will light up and you can choose between the 3 different styles
We need the creators to answer this question so that we can stop arguing about this. I say he's dead and that's what made the ending so "It's beautify -tear" 
Now she lives far away.
that shit can be murderously itchy.  Looks good, but so fucking itchy.
I think I got something in my teeth, could you get it out for me?
That's fucking teamwork.
What call gave it to the Packers?
Yeah, Teesside university had this too. I thought it was pretty common to be honest.
Oh my god, I went to school with a kid who said that in like the fifth grade and it ruined his life. Shit followed him to senior year highschool at least. Kid was tormented about it by everyone, like, **bad**
Verified with the mods!
Countless at Guantanamo Bay? It's 166 exactly. This is well known. If you're talking about other places then okay, but the number has been decreasing for Guantanamo Bay.
My favorite commuter turbo-prop. I got to ride in one earlier this year (Alaska Airlines from Portland, OR). I've always liked them.
name it lvl 2 Pidgey
A lot more, now.
The one impersonating Jack Nicholson from The Shining is the very best one.
Yep.  Thanks for the acid.  Got anymore?
Jebediah Kerman...
I'll take it.
Would you rather drink a quart of cum or a glass of period blood?
I will say find a rommie first, have the person meet you in an open area
interview the person. You can also do a background check online on that person. Request last landlord phone#as well. 
ah, I thought you meant how we let them score at will in the second half to blow the lead
Explore it and find it's secrets 
Do it. Hartline is in the same mold as Amendola in that he's actually a PPR machine. 
That girl has the exact same piercings as me. Neat. 
This used to be completely true, and while it still largely is, there are now many Iranian restaurants that serve authentic home cooked style meals.  Regarding the dishes suggested by _flac, don't think that because you have tried one, you have tried them all.  Fesenjoon and zereshk polo especially vary greatly in both ingredients, and range in flavor from tart to sweet.
Also each town has its own distinct kind of sweet desert that may be hard to find in other areas.
[How soon people forget. ](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_2RIMmCYczdo/TGcWRhesDxI/AAAAAAAAA3Y/s8TbwM-Iwkk/s400/kid_n_play.jpg) 
I was unable to watch the game today due to a family reunion. After checking the score and recap, I just wanted to drop by and say HAIL YEA!!!!!
This is what happens when you eat pizza from the wrong side.
That more or less sums it up. It's not about good and bad, it's about what an individual human "desires". My point being that as long as we have the capacity to feel pain, or are wired up in a number of similar ways, we'll still desire things, that's not going to magically change. 
I understand that the words and expectations will change their meanings in society, maybe getting a haircut will be considered relatively unpleasant, but that's not going to stop someone from enjoying sex or whathaveyou. 
The story.
The gameplay.
I hate most games. Probably just me.
[The sad truth about orange juice.] (http://www.cracked.com/article_19433_the-6-most-horrifying-lies-food-industry-feeding-you.html)
You are a beautiful human being. Your words are the prettiest I've heard in a while. 
Check Battery, Connections on Starter, Possible Since it's a camper it might have a Starter Solonoid like a Ford setup somewhere in the doghouse or fender.
Uh, one of mine is dicksauce... I was on the phone with dude and he was trying to get me to do something, for some reason he thought calling me dicksauce was going to do the trick...it didn't.
love me some bears! but i am a girl so they don't love me back :( 
one of the few times rapey can be used in proper context 
I sincerely hope you find the time to vote against him. 
Does the DRAM light being continuously red mean anything? 
This was posted under the atheist forum with *your* title, "Calvin subtly demonstrating how religion works."  *You're* the one assigning religious subtexts to this strip, not Watterson.  This strip had nothing to do with religion, yet you insinuated that it did.  Clear enough forya, chum?
That's up there with the wedding plans my dad & stepmom had, but were never able to get the funds together to actually perform.
The ceremony would start with my stepmom preparing to marry a mutual friend on a boat, when another ship would pull alongside with Dad and his other friends proceeding to board and "fight" the wedding party with sabres and cutlasses.  Eventually, it would come down to a duel between the grooms, which my father would win.  Then someone would hold a flintlock on the priest while my father married my stepmom and carted her back over to the other ship where the reception would be.
No, I never really grew up either.  My big wedding plan was "Victory of the Mad Scientist" - we were going to have it at a local Hackerspace.  The top end of the plan involved making the bride's father dress up in a gorilla suit with a fishbown helmet, finding someone to play the defeated hero, and vows that included the phrase "forsaking all others and making them rue the day".   Oh, and we were going to have a unity Tesla Coil.  That was the important part.
Jokes on you, I always click the images before reading the title. 
I'm just so happy I finally know how babies are made.
I believe ninite recommends non-free software.
This can be done using existing rail attachments.
No. It's indicative of the very problem we're discussing here.
E-mail is an anglicism; courriel / courrier électronique ಠ_ಠ
The games are still so much fun. You get to have so much power 
I teach about a half hour outside (west) of Boston and Framingham and Bridgewater are the two big ones where we all go for our masters programs.  
Apparently not because someone posted this joke 6 hours before OP as first day internet kid meme and it isn't even close to the front page.
Well wouldn't the snow reflect back a tiny portion of the light from the moon making the moon brighter, just not visibly so?
Maybe. To be fair, everyone going in wasn't going to make it past the angels. They probably didn't feel the need for a security system. 
Also add /r/NotaMethAddict  I still don't understand what they're doing there.
Hey I saw you a couple weeks ago! 
Awesome, I'm glad you picked up that Continuum cartridge.  Maybe you can let me borrow it sometime!
how the fuck was that given to us.
No, I don't know, explain it to me.
What do you use to anchor the hammock to the walls?
I've tried 6 of different kinds of salvia and not one time did I ever experience anything but extreme dizziness. It apparently works, but not for me.
the car is sweet, when the hell is the movie JINN coming out thought???
Sorry, typo. I'm not really the rebellious type.
This is absolutely correct.  I did allude to this when I said that it was a facebook picture that they probably didn't even see.  But I should have been more clear -- most of them were pissed off because their local cleric told them to be pissed off.  
They really are actually the department loved so much theese recordings they asked me to record these lectures for their future reference.
Elv and Tuk UI's are up to date from their official website, tukui.org
I think you nailed it. There was definitely a Xenogears demo out back then, and you started off in Lahan village and then traveled via a dirt path up to Citan's house, which had a telescope at the top.
pic: http://i404.photobucket.com/albums/pp125/GraphicsGoldMine/Xenogears%20complete%20maps/xenogearscitanshouse.jpg
Most presidents don't have anything that could be universally thought of "good for the country". A better thing that a president could hold is the country didn't fall apart. While that did happen in Obama's presidency, it is not his fault. It was mostly Bush's fault, and other things that couldn't be helped.
I cringed just reading it silently. 
its funny...cause its true
Don't you hate it when the fellows on the train don't even take the time to make it look nice? Seriously, it's called common courtesy.
EDIT: Spelling
that is such a beautiful dog. what a stud.
Thank you. This explains it perfectly.
As a first year MSW student, I realize every day that grad school is a joke.
It always makes me feel semi-normal when I come to these askreddit threads and see "oh, there's someone here who does this weird thing that I do. I'm not a complete freak".
Of course, my secret word is only valid for time travel back until I'm 15, when I made it up. If I have to visit my past self at any time past that age, I'm probably going to have to go with details of imaginary friends or something.
It sounds like an allergic reaction. Stop using the new products for a week or so and see if the itchy patches go away. 
Once they do, gradually reintroduce one product at a time to see which one is the culprit. That is, start using the cleansing gel again for a few days and see if you get a reaction. If not, add the toner back into your routine and see if that's the one giving you the reaction. And so on.
Once you figure out which product it is, take note of its ingredients. If you ever get a reaction to another product, you can cross-reference its ingredients with whichever Dermalogica product is the problem. That way, you'll start to narrow down which particular ingredient is causing the problem.
Considering that GRRM has gone on the record and said that he's purposely limiting the presence of magic because he think's it can be corrosive to the plot/setting/tone/etc...
WAY TO GO, HAVE A COOKIE. 
It was kind of an ass-backwards way.  We sort of combined a bunch of different methods we found.  If it eventually works, I'll post step by step directions. :)
That's the Evil Smasher
Stop being such a truck hipster.
it begin's at portage and main.
Judging by your comment, I'd say...
About an [](/high8)?
dude I went 4-1 with rakdos. Nobody knew wtf hit them. 8/8 guardian? block+impact. oh, and that little 1/1 flying imp = the win. I pulled a desecration demon but only got to use him once. and that 1dmg overload card killed sooo many tokens.
didn't even splash. (i felt a little bad ass)
Acutally my best pull was Armada Worm, but I didn't have enough WG to make him work. I tried going seles even after choosing rak but I couldn't, heh.
but they can't consent, she has all the power in that dynamic.
How? Please explain enlightened one how democracy is a bad idea. And if you say "people are dumb" that's a bullshit argument. Saying that just makes you a narscisitic douche
Same.  She was informative, and gave some of the background on some of the myths/legends that we wouldn't have otherwise learned.  But I think after they burned through the most common "urban legend" type myths, there wouldn't have been much opportunity for her to add much.
Yeah, normally I love herbal tea but herbal version of dragon snaps isnt very good. I know how you feel. The tea shop I go to is like 50 miles away. i just wish I could remember the name.
DOG gone it. You're probably right.
Was your ex called Tobias by any chance?
[](/a13 "I will...consider giving it a try") *gasp* It's discord!
I always thought the pledge was dumb. So sometimes I would say the pledge from *In the Year of the Boar and Jackie Robinson* instead:
> I pledge a lesson to the frog of the United States of America, and to the wee puppet for witches hands. One Asian, in the vestibule, with little tea and just rice for all. 
Oh my god. The imagery. 
"ABANDON SHIP! MAYDAY, MAYDAY!"
Volibear tier 5 kidding me? Hes strongest solotop champs and greatest sustain while he deals lot of damage, just by stacking health.
If he says it it's OK.
I went in today to get a tour of their facilities and to see what corporate rate I would get... They don't have any prices on their website as of yet and the front desk can't give you price information either. A "trainer" gives you the tour and then sits you down for pricing. He was offering me a "deal if I signed up today and that it will most likely change by tomorrow. I hate these type of sales tactic. I was previously a member of Monster gym and they don't do business like this. Also their initiation fees are 200$ and you also pay a 59$ maintenance fee on top of that... But of course if you have a corporate rate plan or use the coupon that was sent in the mail you won't have to pay the 200$ initiation fees.... 
The gym wasn't crowded and the guy said that group classes aren't filling up yet so they don't have sign up sheets for the spinning room yet so I guess that's a good thing. The cardio machines with the big screen tv is not ready yet and neither is the pool. 
How so?  You keep saying "seems pretty clear it was used in a negative", yet can't articulate how it was offensive.  The word was used in the proper context and  in an academic environment.
Suprisingly, the hottest one in the pic is the Asian chick *with all of her clothes on* 
I started with this basic recipe: http://simplysogood.blogspot.in/2010/03/crusty-bread.html 
And then added in some brown sugar, cinnamon, fresh ground nutmeg, and rasins. It came out wonderful with a crisp crust and a bakery-style soft inside. My apartment smells amazing! 
Edit: More images here: http://hayleyse.imgur.com/all/ 
> You'll ruin your relationship with your girlfriend (I'll get back to that). You'll ruin the friendship with your friend.
OP needs to realize he's acting extremely selfish. 
(( As she said, she's not combat-strength and she rarely uses it.  She's the character I used during the Twitter #solcomms event and the RP that sprang up afterward. :D ))
The only correct way to handle tripping. 
Who cares where wisdom comes from. I bet even hitler had a few good gems.
Or the terrible PI against Seattle which was the only reason they were even in the game for the Hail Mary to matter. Nobody wants to talk about that one.
You wouldn't happen to be in Florida, would you?
>...of a made up-person.
[Umm...](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historicity_of_Muhammad#Sources_for_the_historical_Muhammad)
>He had his flaws.
**He murdered millions of people and tried to conquer Europe.**  Are you fucking serious?  You think reading a book about how hard he had it will make me think less of him?  He killed *millions of people.*  Nothing trumps that.  
Haha youuu got meee :D
walls around the pool.
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: No fapSeptember has ended [fixed][fixed]
>Meme: BRACEYOSELVES
>* BRACE YOURSELF
>* EVERYONE'S CUMMING
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r565f.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/MuYjZ)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||BRACE+YOURSELF+-+EVERYONE%27S+CUMMING)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
Alright. Assuming she says yes, should I make it a classy affair and take her to the nice restaurants over in the "main street area?"
I am fairly affluent, and know a lot of girls like being treated out to a "proper date" at a fancy restaurant, but would this be excessive?
What level are you?
Then sir you are a braver man than I.
Still a win! And it helped distract me from fantasy this week, at least.
Always gotta make sure you look extra split (:
i've had lacies for years, no problems 
Oh wow, the car talk guys! That would be amazing.
Getting owned at the main menu
There aren't any.  DRtg really measures team defense when that player is on the floor.  Some people compare it to the defensive rating when that player was not on the floor.  Some people look at the opponent's PER or Win Shares or Wins Produced or what-have-you at that player's position when that player is on the floor.  If you subscribe to Synergy Sports you can find out how many points that player gave up per play when defending isolations, post-ups, pick and rolls, spot-ups, etc.  But really, none of these clearly isolate bad individual defense from bad team defense.  Often the arguments about whether someone is a good defender depend more on reputation and anecdotes than on rock-solid stats.  Still, you can try to beef up your argument with the stats I just mentioned.
woah, woah, woah there man, grease and water. 
Are you eating a lot of fat? Sounds like you're doing more of a high protein diet, which is not what keto is about. 
I'm one of the "brown people" as you put it. I'm also a Soldier and everyone treats me fine. I have daily interaction with fellow soldiers and I have never felt uneasy at all. 
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: Happened to me today
>Meme: Bad Luck Brian
>* BUYS MAJORA'S MASK
>* DOESN'T HAVE AN EXPANSION PACK   
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r567r.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/fYGyq)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||BUYS+MAJORA%27S+MASK+-+DOESN%27T+HAVE+AN+EXPANSION+PACK+++)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
So are you guys done or what? Post is up - stream is down. 
no web cam of wells next times.
Post it to reddit and get lots of karma.
i cant wait till seasons comes out
not as far as im aware. 
Yea this is fucking lame. 
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: Something must be done
>* WE CAN'T LET KONY
>* GET AWAY WITH IT
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r560c.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/sGvoM)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||WE+CAN%27T+LET+KONY+-+GET+AWAY+WITH+IT)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
I promise you that it varies. And these girls look like they are probably all on birth control (shorter/lighter periods) anyways. Periods are no fun, and I would call them anything but mild.
I carved styrofoam in the shapes that I wanted and then covered it in several layers of concrete in various colors and then used 100% silicone to attach it to the tank and touched up the edges and seams with concrete. I cycled it like that for about a month to get the ph down and did 100% percent water changes about everyday. Start to finish took about 3 months to get it fish ready.
I got hungry. There must be a better way to prepare them.
Need after photos for further investigation.
This. Correct me if I am wrong, but I think this was the first OF project to get any buzz.
Yeah, assuming your username refers to Halifax, I think it's because we have a lot of Irish and British import beer here, plus the requisite old-timey pub thing. 
Yeah, that's why I suggest actually going to the store or call to see if they know where else you could find what you're looking for. They've always been pretty nice when I go. 
Edit: spelling
Because he's a billionaire.
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: No Fap September from spiderman's point of view
>Meme: Spiderman Desk
>* NO FAP SEPTEMBER IS ENDING
>* AND I'VE JUST BEEN SITTING HERE MASTURBATING
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r5670.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/xVSMN)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||NO+FAP+SEPTEMBER+IS+ENDING+-+AND+I%27VE+JUST+BEEN+SITTING+HERE+MASTURBATING)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
Dammit, I just killed that High Elf wizard from the college. Swapsies? :S
Recent games would probably run on minimum settings. But not recommended. 
I just want everybody to try it all at once or possibly drug a UN conference or something. Peace on Earth!!
This is what happens when we train kids to fight a war, then use them for things that require very high precision, like 'surgical' operations.  These are instruments of war, not precision.  Commanders on the ground made promises they couldn't keep.
It also doesnt hurt that some of the songs off The Fall of Troy's Doppleganger were inspired by the book!
And the big Fan Fiends. such a hard part of the stage, but it's significantly less annoying on the NES version.
Nader's impact was pretty damned big, even if his numbers weren't that large.
I watched this all the time when I was a kid; I just mentioned it to my wife a few days ago actually. I was surprised that she hadn't seen it, since the sketches seem so iconic to me.
Finding out it was just a small, local show was a surprise... especially since I grew up nowhere near the Pacific northwest, and saw the show anyway somehow.
[+1](http://www.reddit.com/r/GuessTheMovie/comments/10pwfp/gtm_conference/c6fmdim "green") ***for "[GTM] - Conference" by adfuzz6***
[+3](http://www.reddit.com/r/GuessTheMovie/comments/10sctv/gtmcrucial_mistake/c6gbwo3 "blue") ***for "[GTM]Crucial mistake..." by FrankReynolds***
[+3](http://www.reddit.com/r/GuessTheMovie/comments/10qxn3/gtmyoure_waking_everybody_up/c6fzzve "blue") ***for "[GTM]You're waking everybody up" by FrankReynolds***
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: How I feel as the DD.
>Meme: masturbating spiderman
>* EVERYONE ELSE IS DRINKING
>* AND I'M JUST SITTING HERE MASTICATING
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r567u.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/KHmn2)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||EVERYONE+ELSE+IS+DRINKING+-+AND+I%27M+JUST+SITTING+HERE+MASTICATING)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
Its out there, the interwebs are a dark and mysterious place
In half life 1, I hit the g-man with a rocket on the level with the bridge. It didn't kill him. 
Odds that Michael Vick doesn't survive this game? 
Any guycode you're breaking, he broke first, even if it was with your permission and encouragement.
 A Human being? Absolutely nothing.
what if i took 100mg as my 1st roll and then i do .5g on my 5th roll, im sure id roll harder on the .5g
True. I responded the way I did because of how you phrased you statement. Common sense helps also with how you react to others when you aren't clear enough.
>Martin Niemoller served in the Nazi Party as a German naval officer during WWII, then became a prominent Protestant pastor, becoming an outspoken public foe of Adolf Hitler. He spent the last seven years of Nazi rule in concentration camps. The following quote is attributed to him:
>“In Germany they came first for the communists, and I didn’t speak up because I wasn’t a communist. Then, they came for the Jews and I didn’t speak up because I wasn’t a Jew. Then they came for the trade unionists, and I didn’t speak up because I wasn’t a trade unionist. Then they came for the Catholics, and I didn’t speak up because I was a Protestant. Then they came for me, and by that time no one was left to speak up.”
>Wake up America. If we do not get a patriot in the White House, there will not be anyone to speak up for us.
Are you fucking kidding me? What a load of fear-mongering, narrow-minded, bigoted bullshit.
Edit: To be clear, I don't mean the quote. I mean applying the quote to *President Obama*. Suggesting that if Romney isn't elected, the US will descend into some sort of fascism? Bunk! Hooey! Codswallop! 
When my cat kneads me while I sleep- I wake up as if I'm being eviscerated. Screaming, rolling, flailing about- which makes the cat dig into my flesh more. 
This guy is totally fucked. 
Wait....how can a bank still have a lien against a house when the homeowner has declared bankruptcy and got the debt discharged? 
His name is Robert Paulson.
I was, thank you for clarifying.
Because we don't follow Reddit's relationship advice.
If you try hard enough you can make the same parallels with other children's shows. It's just a result of those old stock characters writers like to work with. Off the top of my head Disney's Recess would be a perfect example of this...
I don't think he will, though it's not outside of reason to say that a guy like him wouldn't have a personal New-U station somewhere.  
Honestly, I wouldn't want him to appear again. Not because he's a bad villain, but because he's a pretty good one. I *wanted* to take him down. Having him get back up would just cheapen it, imo.
Thanks a lot! They're genuinely my favorites.
I could recall hours as a kid trying to find Remoraids and Dunspaces in Pokemon Silver. Trying to recall my experiences when I played in the early years influenced my choices.
Seems a bit spoilery for a title, no?
Oh wow. I completely forgot about this game. I played it constantly. 
Best drama on TV!
I am just an amateur, I just repeated the advice from my instructor.
I would guess that playing horn that way would not be a winning proposition, but I could be wrong. I can only say from what I have been taught that is the opposite of what you want to do. My advice would be to get some private lessons, they have been invaluable to me. But I know that its hard to find a professional at an acceptable rate.
[Erowid confirms](http://www.erowid.org/chemicals/nitrous/nitrous_health.shtml) what Cowpunter said, apart from the naval cavity exploding.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
title | comnts | points | age | /r/
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[Johns weather forecasting stone!!](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/qzau5/johns_weather_forecasting_stone/) | 6^coms | 11^pts | 6^mos | funny
[For when the weather man is wrong.](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/10fqsy/for_when_the_weather_man_is_wrong/) | 0^coms | -2^pts | 5^dys | funny
[Well ok!](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/yv0se/well_ok/) | 0^coms | 0^pts | 1^mo | funny
[The weather stone](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/qv5yy/the_weather_stone/) | 1^com | 19^pts | 6^mos | funny
[TIL the Irish developed a method to forecast the weather by hanging a stone on a string](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/r7xdk/til_the_irish_developed_a_method_to_forecast_the/) | 9^coms | 14^pts | 6^mos | funny
[Weather Forecasting Stone](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/qw9gk/weather_forecasting_stone/) | 2^coms | -8^pts | 6^mos | funny
[Weather Forecasting Stone...](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/qqxee/weather_forecasting_stone/) | 12^coms | 216^pts | 6^mos | funny
[John's latest invention.. the weather forecasting stone!](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/qpcs3/johns_latest_invention_the_weather_forecasting/) | 2^coms | 0^pts | 6^mos | pics
[I bet this stone is never wrong](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/rcuxb/i_bet_this_stone_is_never_wrong/) | 142^coms | 603^pts | 6^mos | funny
[The most accurate weather forecast](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/qnpen/the_most_accurate_weather_forecast/) | 2^coms | 15^pts | 6^mos | funny
[Most advanced weather detection system in the area](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/rjpaq/most_advanced_weather_detection_system_in_the_area/) | 0^coms | 2^pts | 6^mos | funny
*[source: karmadecay](http://karmadecay.com/r/funny/comments/10qg0l/best_weather_teller_ever/)*
Hey, sorry my power went out (bad weather) but I'll play w/ you next weekend k?
Wow I am trying not to tear up from reading this...
People would kill each other for other reasons,  nationalism,  racism,  patriotism,  tribalism,  political ideology,  greed,  envy. 
Its easy if you try
No, you're right. All OJ manufacturers put their juice into large vats and remove all of the oxygen to prevent it from spoiling. Unfortunately, this also causes it to lose all of its flavor, so each manufacturer has their own "flavor packet" that they add back in. This is why each brand tastes different.
Yes I did. I thought there were instances of "gay cures" actually done lovingly and without harm, i.e. those religious kids parents were like mine, not that my parents we're religious, but they did their best to make sure my behaviors were corrected in a gentle non harming way, but you can't do that with someone's sexual preference, I was totally wrong with that assumption; not the assumption that sex orientation can be changed, but you could attempt it without harm.
looks awesome! I hope your ankle gets better too!
That's why a 14 year old should legally be allowed to consent.
Shitty. O well. It's nothing huge, it would just be a nice thing to have. Maybe in Key Lime Pie (total guess at nomenclature). 
Me too man I think if I continue to jerk it, it will ruin me
Well, the person who stole it does. 
Drink on helmet catch
Is this the part where we all make the same suggestions for karma?
Sweety, you are absolutely beautiful.  Im your age and I would be a happy guy to be even talking to you in person.  Trust everyone who is telling you in your beauty.  That is all 
Is that Red Dead with the Undead Nightmare pack? 
Huh? I'm bringing up the point that, if you're talking about money, it costs billions and billions of dollars to maintain the roads. 
Possibly [Welch's Sparkling Grape Juice](http://www.billy-ball.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/welchs.jpg)?
Wow just freaking wow. And that is my sister in 2-3 years
Have you noticed if more kids rush for your fraternity just because you're in it?
I think a bottle of KY jelly would have been more appropriate.
Sure. I'll get on it when I'm on the pc.
Stress makes anything sphincter shaped contract, *trust me*.
It's a reference to Harold and Kumar Go to Whitecastle.
16 is legal in most states.
If there's a porn of this i want a link.
The point of focusing on the breath is to build concentration -- to *practice* the skill of concentration. Luckily, the human brain is well equipped to improve aptitude in skills upon practice. You don't have to focus on your breath -- you can focus on almost anything. The real point of the practice is to continuously focus on what you choose to. The mind will invariably wander, the mind will daydream, the mind will give you an elated experience, your mind will do many things to take your focus away -- your job is to show your mind that you are completely sincere in your attempt to obtain dominion over it. The brain responds well when you show sincerity in your intentions.
Sirens of Titan, Vonnegut really outdoes himself.
If/when you have a kid, this will change. There is no like kind of love in this world. My little boy is all the meaning I need. 
Short-term variance can be a real bitch.
Thanks!  Yeah I am excited to overhaul it.  
That's not going to happen: your future self will always find a reason to yell. If it doesn't, then you should start worrying.
Not only are these arachnids not spiders, their venom is comparable to a bee sting. I'm surprised BBC uploaded this without anybody pointing it out.
i believed OP forgot to put in something:
*per day*
Sounds like you just got a warranty replacement, pretty common action, but not something I see a lot of with the nexus
He manages the clock worse than Andy Reid. WTF was the reason for saving that timeout in the 4th quarter? Our D needed a fucking rest and he didn't even try to do anything with 0:22 left. Why can't he figure out how to run down the clock with a lead with less then 3 minutes remaining? 
dingdingdingdingding! we have a winner!
Thanks everyone! It's a free pattern on ravelry, someone already linked it below but [here it is anyways](http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/cafe-au-lait-mitts)
This reminds me of the English Memorial Spanish Center in Community that was named after a portuguese adventurere named English Memorial.
As someone else mentioned, Cynic- Traced Air would be a good addition. 
As far as changes i would make,
Add Intronaut- Valley of Smoke
Drop Devin Townsend's EpicCloud in favor for his album Ocean Machine.
Add Pink Floyd's Meddle
Add any Tool album
Pro-tip: hit "enter" a few times between paragraphs. The wall of text makes reading practically impossible.
As for being depressed, he's abandoned something that filled a large part of his life. It's only natural that he's going to feel the void. It's up to him to decide what he's going to use to fill it: art, philosophy, literature, science, family, friends, etc. The world is wide open, but it's up to him to choose.
Brutal stuff. I got checkmated. My opponent had Aaron Rodgers but the Saints receivers. I couldn't cheer for anybody.
What does this have to do with video games?
Is this true? That's kind of rad, I thought it was FUCKHUEG already, but adding more is kinda mind-blowing.
And if you can't explain in simply, then you're not really simplifying the tax code, are you?
>It would have been nice if I'd made sure the product tasted good.
Which DB are you using?  In Oracle developer, you would just right click on the column, and choose Best fit to Data.  From the '...' in your screenshot, it looks like the data is there, and this is really just a display issue.
Something about a bottle of beer?
>3rd and 21st
The hell kind of New Yorker are you? The street comes before the avenue.
But, I'll cut you some slack and assume you have a better mathematical education than most, leading you to always put the x-coordinate before the y-coordinate. It used to happen to me, too.
RHODES, YOU MAGNIFICENT BASTARD!  
*u r streets ahead*
90% of your complaints are just silly. For example, if you really stop and get annoyed because the synthetics ship has corridors that organics can use then you probably just need to stop playing, because at this point, you're not playing for the story anymore and you're just playing to find something wrong with it. There are legitimate grievances in ME3 but that is not one of them. Nor is 90% of the others.
See, this is why I laughed when someone pulls up statistics that concerned men being worse drivers because they got more tickets :P
Should've Q'd when he W'd
Said the Browns, Ravens, and Cardinals. HE'S THE HIGHLANDER NOW.
I like blue and green eyes. Something mysterious about them.
Try having a notepad file open while playing. Every time you die mark down why you died, never type something that mentions team mates.
Ah. You're a troll. I had a long day at work, and so my mind was a bit tired. I should have seen through your trolly ways.
Keep on trolling mr. Troll. Don't forget your tinfoil hat
I'm seeing that you can decide to go to a research uni or a uni of applied sciences. How did you choose?
The guys themselves are nice, but the prices and stuff make me want to do all the shit in that gamefly commercial. I mean are you fucking serious i paid 40 bucks for this game fuck you i'm not taking 10 bucks. 
ITT: buttpained nerds
These comments are sad as hell
6'2" 180 lbs and i think the only reason I don't like it is because my buddies are all more fit then me and being places where they can show off and I can't really always turned me off of it
I know i'm kinda late but i'll give my two cents as far as the theater is concerned..
I worked there from Nov.'09- July '10. I live in Riverview so making 7.25-7.50 and hour and driving 26 miles each way wasn't worth it. The owner is a very shady man. He would refund tickets for cash and pocket the change. I found this out after he fired my brother who was a manager there because he didn't feel like paying him what they were anymore. Matt was the Jersey shore looking guy who had his name tattooed on his back. He is the kind of person who walked out of Inception because it was too confusing for him 10 minutes into the movie. He was the "bar manager" and pretty much did all his business with shady people. He didn't know how to manage anything thus the only person that ever made any money at the events. 95% of the time the events resembled club empire before it got shut down. There was always broken tables and the lobby was trashed. They broke their contract with Imax and got the Sony digital projectors. which in my opinion were really nice but the Pepsi digital theater or whatever the hell they called it was a ripoff. the projector was not supposed to and couldn't spread that far thus if you ever saw when the projector was warming up you would see that it was smaller then it was supposed to be. They knew the theater was going under and starting investing in their new theater. I didn't really know too much about that one because I ended up leaving.
tl;dr Used to work there. Owner refunded tickets and pocketed cash on a nightly basis. shady "club" run by a jersey shore wanna be.
> What was he guilty of?
Ah, you've brought a knife to a gunfight.  Best to get some knowledge *before* arguing your point.  That is source of allllll those downvotes you have on this thread.  
Try here, start reading under "Career":  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dave_Hartnett
If you don't think this is justice, that's fine.  But you don't get to define justice for the rest of us, and my impression is that your definition of justice is rather narrow.
That's almost a cinemagraph..
> the frame rate is somewhat low in the animation
How could you possibley tell that from a youtube video?
The only commandment is that there are no commandments. But yeah you can break that if you want.
So... you would prefer to have it little more like US?  
I think it was funny too.   
Because you know, the gun wasn't real, why hurt the poor guy.
EDIT:
I just watched the video and it is hilarious! :)
I love how Klaus is like :"Wtf? Are you crazy?" and then keeps walking.
**I'M GETTIN' FUCKED UP THE ASS OVER HERE!!!!**
Why do you say that? I could see this doing just fine in Brooklyn or Queens.
And by now they might as well just stay up all night and watch a few more!
I'm not, actually. I'm fired the fuck up.
However, it was a great game, and it only helps cement the fact that, yes, [next year we ARE a playoff team.](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/10q0ye/game_thread_miami_dolphins_12_vs_arizona/c6fqora)
I suppose you could get picky enough to judge a front line by a single vehicle, but in a large scale battle where you have 49 vehicles lined up and one way out in front, it'd seem quite a stretch to judge the front by the one tank and not by the 49 a good distance off.
That's just my thinking of it.
Bastards! They deserved to lose. Wierd thing is, i closed my eyes, crossed my fingers while rocking back and forth like a traumatised little boy, and visualised that ball going left on the outside...
For anyone who doesn't know how to do this:
Go to System Preferences. Click "Keyboard".
Go to the "Keyboard Shortcuts" tab.
On the left side, go to Application Shortcuts.
Click the "+", then choose Messages from the drop down list.
For the Menu Title, enter: Close Conversation…
(including the ellipsis)
Then for the Keyboard Shortcut, enter any shortcut (I set it to ⌃⌥⇧⌘` because I'll likely never use it).
Once you set Close Conversation… to a different shortcut, ⌘⌫ will work as expected (deleting the entire line of text).
Once you do this, you'll notice that a new menu item appears in the File menu in Messages. Now you'll see "Close Conversation" with no ellipsis (meaning it will delete the conversation without asking for confirmation). This is set to ⌥⌘⌫. I also changed this one because I don't want to hit it by mistake if I'm trying to delete a line of text (or a single word with ⌥⌫).
Theres one like that in Liverpool as well called Chameleon
Thats a tough call if those things die within a year. There are no re-shooting a wedding. Did you test the sound before running with it? I'm guessing you used an H1 instead of a wireless pack... I love running wireless because you can monitor the sound but it can also be a pain to setup.
No, I was asking if you could link to the thread. 
I really like Christine Love's stuff!  I thought Analogue was fantastic.
Yeah, I totally agree with you, I don't understand it either.  I'm not really a yaoi or bara fan per se...I don't really "get" the uke/seme super-feminine thing, and while I like bara art, I don't find it necessarily erotic.  Maybe I need to read more of both, not sure.
I think humans like exaggerated styles and shapes (e.g., love for giant tits and cocks) ...so yes, I guess bara and yaoi developed in two different directions. 
I guess those are personally too exaggerated for me...hence here I am making a game, LOL.
Firstly, you've had a lot of great advice in this thread, and I may be repeating some of what is said.
I've been here before. VERY similar situation, both parents in similar roles, similar mental health and substance abuse status, but a few more things thrown in! For me, the dynamic also started BEFORE I had someone else to "turn to" (and by that I mean a person who might "replace" my fathers role in my life). I also ended up having a lot of spite towards my mother for not "protecting" me.
It is incredibly hard to deal with, I understand. As others have said, it is NOT your responsibility to make your father feel better about himself.
Getting to a point where I could even talk to my psychologist about it took a lot, but she was amazing.
I found "The Emotional Incest Syndrome : What to do When a Parent's Love Rules Your Life" by Patricia Love to be helpful.
I actually recommend turning on private browsing and googling emotional incest, covert incest, and surrogate spouse.
I would also recommend you talk to somebody. Also, I know this is hard, but you need to start placing boundaries. It is INCREDIBLY difficult, but often the parent doesn't realize how inappropriate their actions or words are (though it seems referencing the BDSM side of things, perhaps in your situation it is understood..) I found it helps to act as if you would with a child that DOESN'T understand boundaries. Start small. One thing. It gets easier.
i.e. 
- "No, that's enough massage for now. This is making me feel uncomfortable."
- "It's really not okay to joke about what I do with my partner. That's really something private."
- "I don't like talking to you when you've been drinking as much as this, things you say make me uncomfortable".
- "Dad, I know I'm your daughter, but I'm growing up and I need to spread my wings. It doesn't mean I don't still care about you."
Again, I'm sorry you don't feel safe. It is not your fault. Please do some research for yourself, try and find someone to talk to. You are also not alone.
Feel free to PM me if you like.
Definitely agree, the franchise's beauty isn't in its dinosaur murder scenes. It's about the child like wonder that the dinosaurs inspire. That's why I think JP1 will always be the best, it had the dino rampage but also the awe of seeing dinosaurs interacting with people for the first time.
And you think those 30% are totally informed?
The more educated I've become about the conflict, the more pro-israel i've become. 
Hey!  She's a nice lady!
This is a really nice survey. Good interface and fair questions. Also nice to have a tickbox for New Zealand ;)
ICarly is an okay show. Better than everything else on Nick now.
This seems strange with the values and morals of Ender and Valentine. ans how he seems to be totally indifferent to religion in his books. If this is true he is a huge hypocrite. But I will still probably read any book he ever puts out.
Bucs didn't use a prevent defense, they blitzed and just had 2 deep safeties. The middle of the field was wide open. 
Chalk on chalk boards 
Non mechanical pencils on paper
<- the very idea of the sounds insights rage
More specifically, the process is done by applying a layer of wax that you then buff until it hardens into a mirror-like surface. It's a relatively thick layer of wax and it will crack easily if on a part of the shoe that creases.
Is it worth upgrading to the i5 for this system? I want this computer to reliably play new video games for as many years as possible (though I realize that may only be 3-4 years).
Just curious, what's the difference?  Why do both subreddits exist, if people inevitably seem to choose the wrong one?
Seems to be a very common issue.
Try desperately to remember the last movie I saw.  Honestly don't have the foggiest.  I know I saw one.. two days ago? but I'm not sure what it was.  Can't even seem to remember what it was about, though it was an action flick. 
TLTR:  I'm super screwed.
No, the plasma trail is from genesis to terminal of the bolt. That is strange... As a weather nerd do you know why bolts are colored?
Yes but it's only for Platinum members.
I'm referring to those who liked. Correct me if I'm wrong but the lack of parentheses means the 0 is not distributed. Meaning its just a matter of addition and subtraction. I should also point out that a good portion of the comments were people saying "You're stupid if you think its 13, it's 0!"
I imagine having his head in a bin helped him be a lot more sick. christ, imagine having the smell of your own vomit wafted back into your nostrils along with the smell of week old pasties and probably dog shit
Penguin points may have helped too.
Girls totally take for granted how easy it is for them to get attention from men. And it goes straight to your heads.
I especially hate it when I'm walking down the street and an attractive girl is walking in the opposite direction, and they make a huge production to turn their head as far in the opposite direction as possible, shielding themselves from my perverted death-stare and of course my desperate attempt to grope you in public. I can almost hear you say "DON'T HIT ON ME OH MY GOD I KNOW I'M BEAUTIFUL"
Also one time at a nightclub I simply said "hi" to a girl that I walked by and I got the middle finger in return. Why?!!
I know it's not all of you, girls, and obviously the more attractive you are the easier it is, but please don't let it go to your head and start acting holier-than-thou just because guys hit on you regularly. And don't tell me that "oh retrospectre but being pretty is hard! It's not easy retorting all these come-ons all day!" because lets face it, getting hit on too much is better than not at all. If you want to get hit on less then stop wearing make up and dress crappier, and you'll be hit on less. Not an excuse to be a bitch.
Sincerely,
Men of the world.
EDIT: Instead of downvotes, please tell me how I'm wrong... I don't know where you're from, but I see plenty of these hot stuck-up girls who carry around huge attitudes.
I can't believe more people aren't suggesting this. Apparently some people are sensitive to it but for me it's not even mildly uncomfortable and so much easier. 
get a 120hz monitor, you will not regret it
If its a single target fight, any PLD worth their salt can deal similar, if not better, DPS than a WAR. Goring Blade, Riot Blade, Rage of Halone, Spirits Within all hit very hard, and with Outmaneuvers/Divine Veil, you can generate massive TP to practically use Phalanx on CD.
ZOMG ZOMG zOMG ZOMG AOM GAKOMGASkglasgklnasdlkfn,dasn,.das,.nlkjanglnl 
It's hardly impossible. Tons of people have done it.
Become an experienced climber first. Take some classes. They shouldn't be too hard to find.
Now that ive spilled my feels out online, you have to say what you did today, because equivalent exchange.
So let me get this straight:
According to you, you've already seen stuff that completely (=100%) disproves anything christians believe in and you're asking for someone to tell you the opposite?
That's like being a mother who has already born 3 children asking for evidence that babys get delivered by storks.
Not everyone in KC gets it. 
Guess confirmed:
* winner **/u/FrankReynolds gets [+1](http://www.reddit.com/r/GuessTheMovie/comments/zbawt/guessthemovie_scoreboard_for_week_of_9312/c6fqqyq "green") point(s)**
* poster **/u/adfuzz6 gets [+2](http://www.reddit.com/r/GuessTheMovie/comments/zbawt/guessthemovie_scoreboard_for_week_of_9312/c6bf7k6 "blue") point(s)**.
See sidebar for more details. If anything is incorrect, please [contact the mods](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FGuessTheMovie&subject=Bot%20error)!
(*This was an automated message from a bot*)
Hey pal!! i can do this on my own you know... longest walk ever.
Don't worry, it's totally not gay though as long as we don't touch dicks and as long as we say "no homo" afterwards.
All for a 3D Mega Man! Hopefully it wouldn't get delayed/canceled. 
Sexuality does not disappear by trying to repress it, rather it grows more.      
It is like trying to stop seeing the color blue. If you try to avoid it, the moment you see it, you will certainly notice it.
Erasing sexuality won't happen without some sort of medical operation that destroys the ability.
Defining it all as sinful,         
I think that is just a trick religions use to make people feel sinful for things that they cannot avoid. People keep trying, and keep failing miserably. 
*edit* clarification
Her trumpet was not tuned properly!
Du Tyvek? Je penses que c'est le pare vapeur le plus populaire dans la province. Ouvre bien les yeux quand tu passeras à côté d'une construction. Je te paris que s'il y a du pare vapeur d'installé, ce sera du Tyvek.
I also love hair. So much. I've never had an encounter with a hairless crotch and I don't think I would like it. Hair is natural, why get rid of it? The hairier the better in my opinion. 
I use an old white van with tinted windows; or a hat and sunglasses if they're in a pedestrian area.
>there is no essentially no real downside to washing your penis when you shower
Done every day, this practice leads to a shortened foreskin and hypersensitive glans. I know because it happened to me; it's also the consensus among all the intact males I've talked with about it.
I'm not familiar with the survey you reference, but it if was taken in the U.S., then intact males were a small part of the selection.
I don't know how to care for a circumcised penis, but the idea of washing an internal organ (the glans) daily just doesn't jibe with general principles of bodily care.
As I noted earlier, a rinse before oral is all that's necessary.
So their cavalry evolved into ninjas?
literally reposted from yesterday same title in all
Yes, we convinced the Japanese to revile the Koreans, the Greeks to rival the Turks, the Azerbajanis to hate the Armenians.  We especially convinced the Vietnamese to hate Hmong, and we all know that the Chinese never hated nobody till British General Smedley T. Whitey showed up and introduced them to the concept of racism.
That's actually Road Atlanta. They were there practicing there a few days ago, and they're preparing for Petit Le Mans :) 
I motivate myself to watch more movies and read more books so I can make references to them nobody understands.
As fresh as the Orange Juice at IHop?
this is disgraceful. :\
Dremel. Snot that hard.
>4x4 monster style, with large fries and a Dr. Pepper
Again, stupid. And probably a fatass too. 
Wow :( What a disturbing thing to do
Are you dead yet?
OK, I’ve got something. The guy is Tim Samaras.  Here’s a story on him from the latest [National Geographic.](http://ngm.nationalgeographic.com/2012/08/chasing-lightning/johnson-text)
Yay Ben!  Nice Work!
Good, wouldn't want to confuse the kids. Do you know about any stores that sell rocks? I know the local science museum must but it is so expensive.
You're right, common sense can work you through how a successful car jacking might be pulled off.
Too bad that doesn't speak for the experience you have from exploring it. This isn't a case of you can figure out how to do this illegal worrisome thing, it's a case where you just told us in reviewed experienced detail how to.
Big difference there Mr. Future Car Jacker.
When did Christine O'Donnel start a website?
This video is from before the buff.
I am hoping this was just because I asked. ;) 
oh. huh. I find them very easy to use, just takes a couple minutes to get used to. It means you don't need a huge empty area or need to move your hand all over the place.
I apologize if this comment seems kind of preachy but its subject is rather personal. I just didn't realize it until I started typing.
Puerto Rico would be the perfect place to test the claims of the [Amethyst initiative](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amethyst_Initiative). And from personal experience I think that it works. For the most part 18 year olds in Puerto Rico drink at pubs, bars, and night clubs, and not at remote locations hidden from society and from the law. And in the island, frat and sorority parties and Greek life in general is just rare. 
But what convinced the most me that allowing 18 year olds to drink legally was a good idea was the death of a fellow college freshman in 1997. He was taken to an underground binge drinking college initiation by his fellow townspeople. He collapsed drunk and never woke up. A few years later a bartender refused to sell me another drink because according to him I'd had enough. If Angel Padilla would have been taken to a bar that night instead of to a secluded location he would still be alive today. And the only time when I got dangerously drunk was at our equivalent of Spring Break. But that night I didn't drink at a bar. I stupidly carried the alcohol on a camelbak styled backpack with a hose dangling over my shoulder.
But local drinking laws have been somewhat toughened, and in my opinion, this has been a bad idea. In Puerto Rico bars were allowed to be open until late. Now they're allowed to remain open only until midnight during weekdays and until 2 AM on weekends. The politicians who came up with this law assumed that people would stop drinking early and go home. The result was completely different. Now locals consume as much alcohol as they can before closing time and then drive drunk in caravans to open locations where they can continue to party until dawn. What was once a somewhat supervised activity is now enjoyed without control. Driving back home at midnight on a Friday is now a scary experience and my parents are woken up on weekend nights because the parking lot of their local gas station has become the after hours hangout for drunks whose car stereo systems are bigger than their sense of civility. These laws, however, are enforced seemingly arbitrarily and appear to escape certain places. And the result is that people now have to drive farther away to drink. And this is never a good idea.
But the worst drunks that I get to see are the 18 year old American tourists who come down here to drink. When you're only allowed to drink legally for a week, common sense tends to stay back at the airport.
I strongly believe that prohibition and excessive regulation never work. They just sweep the problems out of view and under the carpet to fester with the rest of the filth.
i love his live album with Ginger Baker
I grew a few inches this morning. Lasted for less than 30 minutes though.  Felt sleepy afterwards.
/r/fearme is a REALLY good one that you should add.
I love how he can keep a straight face, even when hearing and presumably seeing the guy in the background laugh at his joke.
Got as far as is Jay Onrait retarded or something.
Every time I fap I am holding my member in my hand.
Holy crap only 8-10% concentration?!
Imagine the world ending and some guy still shaving his shit every day just to avoid the itch and bumps.
"Hurry, John, the cannibals are coming!"
"It. Can. WAIT!"
Twist: wasn't his kid. DUN DUN DUUUUN.
I think I saw that that one in Big Fish
Nobody was saying this.
But times have changed.
hahahafirst post, but killing it like a super model lol u look good hope to see more of u.
funny, but has next to nothing to do with Linux specifically.
I played with a friend and a couple of randoms the other night, and I didn't pick up a purple SMG that dropped in Fink's out of courtesy. 
The other three guys spent three minutes staring at it before running off, so I picked it up. Then one of them came back and asked if anyone took it. */facepalm.
This didn't really get the song you'd expect running through my head.
"Your body's wide / Well mine is too / Just watch your mouth / Or I'll sit on you"
Goes to show you backwards and lacking in culture 'Merica is, eh?
Fair enough, many people are uncomfortable. I don't carry as much anymore but I am licensed to carry and firmly believe that armed citizens prevent much more harm than they cause. We could argue that open carry can make people uncomfortable, but that is an aesthetic issue.
Even if we were the so called anti-matter and we discovered matter. From our perspectives we would be matter and the matter we discovered would be our anti-matter.  
"I don't take the word of scientists as true merely because they are scientists publishing in a peer reviewed journal." - Being published in a peer reviewed journal means jack shit to you? I think this conversation is over. I can't argue with someone who thinks they are intelligent enough to decipher peer reviewed material on their own and without evidence.
You are either A. a modern Albert Einstein that doesn't even need to experiment. 
Or what my bets are on B. A moron with internet access.
18, waitress at a local family restaurant. 
This is not a rage comic.
I think the difference is between something being valuable because it's rare, and something being valuable because it's unique. It makes sense to measure (and sell) precious commodities like cocaine and saffron by the kilo, because they can be produced. Try as you might, you could never buy (or create) a kilo of that one stamp. If you could, it would be worth next to nothing anyway.
Close, Brick. I play for the High school team ^-^
I posted more than just the Howard Stern video.  Just because he is a shock jock doesn't mean the people in the video don't believe what they said.  I could post dozens or hundreds of videos from lots of different sources with the same outcome.
Let me ask you - do you dispute the premise that there is a fairly large segment of voters who are uninformed regardless of the party they support?
Youtube built in one...I like it but don't at the same time.  It does kind of look like the camera filming me is on a dolly though, haha.
Thank you...I appreciate your two replies...good insight...I'm a bit confused as to why I got downvoted for the post...as I think it pays to discuss ways to skewer the other side
Connected hard with a rapids player when going for the ball. Not sure if feet or knees locked but you could hear a loud pop on the feed. I have a feeling AJ is not ok. :(
No because you're attacking someone. If you want to attack their opinions that's completely valid, but attacking them is not.
That's why it came with that handy MurderHandle™!
On the other hand I think it may be some sort of rule of japanese porn that women aren't allowed to look like they are enjoying anything.
Do you have any reason to be this afraid? Or are you just a Pansy? 
EDIT: I will surmise from the comment deletion that the answer is the latter
The one with Walt is too cool for words
I've never heard of that.  Is that a regional thing?
Yes I have!  This is easier.  10-15 swipes on the nail and it is gone gone gone!  :-)
I don't think it's possible to solve for **x** in this case. You don't have enough information. You can probably find a range of possible values, assuming the **?** term is in the range [0,180].
This should go in r/trees.
And you have no idea how much that makes me happy!
Care to link me to those surveys?
Thanks for that mental picture. 
I once read something that IIRC said that people determine sexes by looking at the waist and lower torso. I may be remembering wrong, but still.
Hes such a good guy on the inside. He really is like a child living his dream and I love it. I miss him here in florida. I remember one game he stayed afterwards for HOURS to have one on one pray sessions with every fan that waited in line after the game at the entrance of the BankAtlantic center. Even though I'm not religious I thought it was awesome he would do that.
You boys are so silly.. waxing is the way to go... no itch, ever. 
Someone would have made it... but would it be the general consensus? Probably not.
Why does anyone do anything?
It's a fairly accurate model in terms of proportions but it's missing the intricate carvings that's on the actual Butterfly (could be done via zbrush). More importantly though I think you should work on your presentation skills, rendering on pure black is never a good idea. Perhaps you should also consider using a different shader as well other than the default bland looking lambert. 
Overall it's just too sloppy of a job at presenting. You even left the symmetry seam visible on the grip. 
Your cell also has a giant hole in the top of it. The doll could have been dropped as she passed by. I imagine with all of the trading items, she'd have her talons clumsily full.
Hey im on  now
Yeah, I'll find one. He was a red angus and his name was Simco. 
The blonde on the right side, the face she's making. 
C'mon. He invented the internet. He invented the election. He invented...America..
They could have rehoused them in the homes of the 800,000 Jews kicked out of their homes by the surrounding Arab countries when Israel came into being. But, in a classic demonstration of the brotherly fraternal love that Arabs are so well known for, they were left to fester in refugee camps. To this day.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_exodus_from_Arab_and_Muslim_countries#Exodus_from_Arab_countries_.281947.E2.80.931972.29
http://www.science.co.il/Arab-Israeli-conflict/Refugees.asp
was so expecting it to get creamed
And it would make since that Oliver Queen, billionaire, has a fellow billionaire and a reporter's number 
science has been fairly consistent about this.  most of the concepts fitness espouses are as old as time itself.   
eat a lot of food (meat especially), lift heavy, get big and get strong.  
it's that simple.
i would love to see my team win the SEC and a BCS bowl game. That would be incredible
At first I thought the title was a joke since her name is in the picture. 
This is because its based on the graphic novel. If you read through the story Dr. Manhattan gradually wears less and less clothes through time. this symbolizes his detachment from the material world and ascending to a being greater than man. 
Why does a church need to be organized? I think a lot of our conceptions about church are a little...off.
That said, Anarchists (Distinct from, but related to, Christian anarchy) don't oppose oraganization, but hierarchy. A church can function well with horizontal power structures that are mutually affirming (look at quakers.)
Which blur was TF?
Not very much of a small intestine anymore...
I never said you were preventing anyone from informing themselves.  Not once did I even *imply* that.  You are, at this point, taking bits of information and creating extremely shitty strawmen of them.
I like the derpy one on the left
I could see McElroy being a Pennington level QB. He lacks arm strength but I think he might be accurate enough and make enough good decisions to compensate. Only problem is, the receivers on this team aren't reliable enough for the Jets to win playing that kind of game.
You won't have heard this exact story before unless it was by someone who knows me, which is extremely unlikely. Kids making up their own dumbass nicknames in an attempt to sound cooler is nothing new though, so there's a decent likelihood you read a very similar story. 
You say potato I say broccoli. It's all good.
Who the hell says "Who the hell says 'Get the hell back'"
I held a grudge against Suisham and Gano for 2 years each. I sure as hell can hold one against Cundiff, and it already started. 
In all fairness, I had a Craftsman mower, and it was a piece of junk. ;) Now own a newer Lawnboy. Those cranky old bastards may have been right where the lawnmowers were concerned. 
Mind blowing?  Little Bee
Classic Dystopia? Handmaid's Tale
The closer you get to Halloween, the cheaper the Halloween stuff gets. When its about a week away from the big day, shop around for a skeleton replica. Have him draped across the hood or trunk of your car.
You could also drip your hands in red paint and hand paint your car with bloody handprints.
When you edit, make note of it. That way my response has context.
I will, I'm just very hesitant to do so.
What can happen to a girl?
Hm, it's true that encouraging women to overcome the natural power differences has a good chance of ostracizing the women where that's simply not possible for them...
I dunno, I think it's still something we should strive for, even if it is impossible. There'll be a lot more stronger woman in the world, and at the very least people will at least have a *slightly* better chance of winning a fight. Nothing wrong with that, right?
I'm not saying we need to give women the illusion that they can overcome any fight, just that we need to move away from the idea that it's *impossible* for a woman to win a fight against a man.
(And I realize I keep phrases this in terms of fights/brawls, sorry if that's oversimplifying things.)
You know what makes me sick?  People who have thousands of dollars of clothes on who come into the store and buy $500 worth of junk food and steaks and then hand me three different EBT cards.  As much as I would like to be on the side of the people who need EBT.  There are plenty of them who are truly gaming the system. I'll admit there are probably plenty that don't, but I see many that do too.  You know what else makes me sick? The fact that on this issue I find myself agreeing with the people who I despise--the conservatives.  I hate that.  I want to be for the children who are on foodstamps, but I do see a lot waste.  I see lot of people who are getting just plain junk with there EBT.  I see people financing parties--ALL OF THE TIME--with their EBT.  They'll even tell you that they are having a big barbecue. I don't get foodstamps to have a barbecue. 
As a matter of fact, I have never been able to get food stamps.  I have been as poor as the come, living on minimum wage, and still never qualified for foodstamps.  I was told by the lady on the phone one time, as she was laughing, that if I had been more irresponsible and had kid then I would have had everyting handed to me.  So yeah, people who I see really don't need foodstamps make me mad.
It is so funny that people downvote a comment like this--they know it's true, and if not, then they really need to get a cashier job and see what really goes on--they would be surprised.  I know I was--I was completely shocked that so many people got away with the things that they did.  By the way, candy, chips, soda (of any kind) sheet cakes, any meat, any crackers, ice cream (of any kind), and pretty much anything you might think that a person might not be able to buy can be bought with food stamps--there is very little regulation with this.  This isn't the type of thing that upsets me most, though.
Its when people come in and have three or four cards and have to read off of a list of debit pins.  I don't think one person should have three or four cards, or when one person comes in and there is an obvious exchange of money going on which happens about every other EBT sale, or like I said the people who come in and let me know that they are buying everything for a party, barbecue, birthday, work party, etc, and then pay with an EBT which happens about every 4th sale.  I had one person let me know that they were renting out a park--complete with a bouncy house, vendors, a clown, and petting zoo--then paid with EBT.  You think it doesn't add up, but when I probably do 70-100 EBT sales a day, it adds up quickly.
I didn't used to be this way.  I wasn't even crappy when I couldn't get them, but after working in a store that takes them and realizing what really does go on--the people against food stamps have a real point.  There is a huge amount of waste and fraud that pretty much can't be enoforced--even if you report it.  I would have to report every 2nd-3rd customer with EBT.
EDIT:  I don't think people understand the severity of the EBT fraud problem and how much they are getting ripped off by it.
THANK YOU.
I haven't known what to do or say and I've just been hiding, staying at other people's houses...I know it's making it worse. Next time he comes home I should just say this, verbatim.
The cops didn't see it, the reporters didn't see it, it was a guy's story that he told the cops. I think it's more likely that a friend was fooling around and shot him, or something. Also, the bullet would've had to be facing away from him to shoot the primer. Suggesting that a .22 ricochet, from a loose cartridge, could deliver enough energy to injure a groin. Correct me if I'm wrong, but it just seems like a load of bullshit.
i would love yo chew enchantress. SPROINK!
>That would open it up to music that's already well known, unless some other qualifier was thrown in. It's probably more about looking for music easily missed otherwise and less about expanding musical horizons.
really something clearer would be "music that isn't popular in western music journalism". that way the unecessary restrictions of language and country aren't prohibiting anything when it isnt about appreciating different cultures' music.
So.. I'm not the only one that couldn't stand Amy!!!
They are 18.. I recognize some of the models.. From the backgrounds and the models, I'll say someone has a subscription to Enigmatic Boys..  
really cool and unique concept.  I've never seen a video attempt like this.  Love the tune too.  However, I think the story/plot needs work. I wasn't quite sure what was going on...where you were going with it...etc.
I think you're on to something!
A win is a win. It was nice to see Rodgers return to form.
Yep. Texas bit on every lateral, the only issue was we had nobody on the opposite side setting up blocks. Pretty neat trickeration if I do say so.
Meh, don't people take nitrates for chest pain, as they say?  merely a vasodilator.  I'd worry more about the char on your bacon, that's a carcinogen.
Lennie from Of Mice and Men. You could tell it was going to happen, but you beat yourself up for thinking such a terrible thing AND THEN IT HAPPENS. Taught me life was truly as morbid as we think it is
Oh, you mean this?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-VlD7ZR4yE
I think I need to Occupy this bar.
Cool, I'll take Blazers then.  Pretty sure they aren't taken.
I've got a box of used brakes in my basement... get your bike to Madison WI and I'll install it for you.
well shit, and I thought Blair Walsh was doing well with 3 consecutive games with 50+ yard kicks.  congrats, fellow excellent-rookie-kicker-having-team
> MYTH: You should add a comma wherever you pause.
> Where you pause or breathe in a sentence does not reliably indicate where a comma belongs.
First off, fuck prescriptive grammarians.
I only consider two issues with commas: whether a sentence is intelligible, and whether it flows well. It's much better to place commas (and stops of all sorts) based on how a sentence sounds rather than what's written in some grammar book.
I gave you plenty of facts above, including the fact that the majority of your argument is revolving around 1.5% of all abortions.  You're not attempting to have a fact based, valid debate if you start it out with "Believe it or not, but supporting a 8.5 month baby's right to be born over a woman'".
Great - now I have something I can be paranoid about runnign into on one of my nature walks.
Anything fresh is always for good. Azeroth and its adveturers needed a new world, and pandaria is the best we could have ever wished for.
that immediatly happened after my first hit of dmt
But... but... you have Bengals flair?! What are you doing, standing up for them?!?!
I've got a XXIII in the fridge for a special occasion. I like XXIV better, personally.
Hey im on  now
Unless they're lying. Or they mean they love receiving but not giving :)
Being at the top let me add to this by saying that "loving it" has a lot to do with partner dynamics and persons involved. I have a friend who is basically kind of a blowjob-fetishist and most of her writing is talking about being super submissive, on her knees, being forced to "take it" until she vomits kind of thing. She does NOT like receiving though I'm not sure why except to say the focus is on her and I think she kind of has a lot of self-hate issues so being the other way round suits her more. 
I personally love it but not all the time or with everyone. Some people are just unenthusiastic in the sack and unresponsive. I hate going down on a guy who lays there like driftwood and after 20 minutes my jaw, which has issues and my mouth being super tiny too, is screaming MAKE IT STOP I'm like ... done. It's clear the person could care less and doesn't want to give input. Usually those same dudes haven't given me much in the foreplay department and it becomes "let's just let him blow a load and get this wrapped up so I can go eat some nachos." I love it when the sex is hot and awesome and we're both enjoying s-e-x. Sadly it's rare. Even rarer outside of a on-going partnership. I can count on one-hand the times I've LOVED IT both giving and receiving. 
That said while stuff like this is important I've found sex is not the absolute glue. Then again if you're dating someone where the sex is "okay" or "meh" or not meeting your needs resentment builds. Also you're not really with someone who is worth it and it probably becomes more of a person you live with and date kind of thing over time.
I need to clear my browser history. 
This isn't a head shop. 'Round these parts, we call it a bong. Because we smoke weed. Not nasty ass tobacco
Awesome sugar work! I thought it was isomalt, but getting sugar to look that good is amazing.
We do the same thing at mellow mushroom pizza bakers here in Florida
I've honestly never cried from a story on reddit until now. 
A book you could look into is *Kant after Duchamp* by Thierry de Duve. Even though it was written in 1996, it is still widely quoted today. Reading the introduction is already worth it. Some [explanation](http://mitpress.mit.edu/catalog/item/default.asp?ttype=2&tid=8381) about the book.
Even though its not exactly what you asked.. at least you have an answer now :)
How about $15 in the form of a Quizno's gift card? lol
How about how you have to go through so much crap to be able to get through a "competitor deterrence field" when you have FLYING SUPPORT VEHICLES that can just bypass it?  They could have even taken you to the boss on top of the place you are headed to.  I know this.. because they are there when you are!
The point i was trying to make was that i was never as immature as the current generation is today me and my friends play 18 rated games but never acted like ass holes or badasses because of it. What happened in a game stayed in a game. 
But today you just get assholes having a go at each other thinking they are 'all that' because he jumped off a building and headshot someone and now said players think they could apply such skills to the real world. Keyboard warriors and mad foreigners having a go at each other trying to prove shit when it's just a game.
Look at this way I never used to like the battlefield series as i loved call of duty but eventually realised and became smart to the things what was happening. Games that lack teamwork mean people are free to conflict with each other. I now love the battlefield series, you hardly get any trash talk because it try's to get you to work as a team.
 I recently had one of those moments of genuine enjoyment and happiness and enthusiasm that i have not felt in a long time.
I was playing battlefield 3 with a few friends and we were defending the  filling station or what not on one of the maps and we were just holding out as a last stand waiting for those reinforcements to come and help, it was carnage, hell broke loose as we were holding off attackers from all sides, tanks were on our position trying to capture it was just pure carnage but the feeling was overwhelming, working with my friends to keep this capture point it just felt fantastic we held them off it felt like a fantastic achievement, like a war zone last stand you see in the movies.
That never happens in Call of Duty. It hardly promotes teamwork I never felt like i did in CoD like i do playing BF3. With team work you bring people together no one trash talks because they are working together. When you work together you put differences aside and everyone wins because at the end of the day what a team of players achieves is because everyone played their part. 
Remove team work and you have people raging at each other, name calling and just being down right assholes.
I moved away from the point a little hah.
Shush, you're interrupting the anti-windows-8 circlejerk!
check out school for designing a society
Your first sentence loses me. 
"Ed Charles, tyro, awful writer, and selfish manipulator, [never understood] why the world [never understood] him; while Martin Brown, an equally terrible person and Ed's eventual subject, only [ever] wanted people to look at him."
Very repetitive and not much of a hook.
Also, tyro?
Almost 100% positive, I am a very aggressive rider and the thought process behind this build is to create a setup that will be able to handle the hard urban assault and hard single tracks-then lock the rear end and ride around town, with the lady.
He killed a dog?  Fuck that guy.
i know nothing about that motherboard.   the manual should tell you though.
Y U MAKE VECTORS AND SHARE THEM AS PNG?!
Don't be such a faggot, just circlejerk.
This has got to be the coolest/most unique piece ive seen in a few months.  I would very much like to know where you got it?  Price is not an issue with somthing this awesome.
In floppies, yes. Most of the other stuff can be found in TPB/HC format though, which is what I want them in. The only truly hard things to find on the list are the Nightwing and Batgirl trades.
deal! but you may have to wait awhile because I can't access a computer
>Plus, it's entirely possible that Rory sent Brian a letter or some other message somehow.
Yeah, like the ending to Back to the Future II.
...and a short life for everyone you know and love.
Not many people will see that comment. More people will see this. 
better than the film
Agreed, but I was just trying to be polite. I saw that the OP was only a redditor for 2 months and decided not to be rude. I know that I made mistakes when I was new here. Plus honestly I thought this post would have been downvoted like crazy and people wouldn't even see it anyway.
Why? There's no "Meta" about it. And I'm not complaining. Just helping.
Anything by Romica Puceanu or Gabi Lunca.
Yeah, it was funny though
It just looks so deceptively soft. He can float passes into anything. It's like catching pillows. Pillows filled with dreams...
Just curious, why do you listen if you hate Opie so much? I would always turn the show off whenever bits involved Danny. 
I know what you're talking about and I don't remember the name either. 
It gives you bonus melee damage only when the enemy reaches around 1/4 health. 
It's a pretty situational power but it's really useful for fighting against bosses (or badasses) with high amounts of health. I upgraded it to level 3 but haven't seen any point in going further. 
Marilyn Manson looks like a fucking dork and Tom Morello looks like Bill Cosby. 
in which case thats good :P
[A google search was one step away](https://www.google.com/search?site=imghp&tbm=isch&q=ancient+iranian+women).  
And that picture can be found within the first 10 results.
**EDIT:** Who the fuck are the people upvoting this guy? **He is fucking WRONG!!!** Click on the link, idiots!  
Also, what OP maybe is talking about is the fall of the position of women in their society. Not the fact of how they dress. Is your thinking so fucking shallow?
**EDIT 2:** If he is talking about the second case, then I stand corrected on that matter. But still, this isn't a post about how they dress.
I beg your pardon? http://i.imgur.com/aET1Q.jpg
it makes me sick. I'm gonna throw up 
Been waiting to see this one, I've heard a lot of good things about it, mostly from /r/movies. 
Luckily I avoided hearing/seeing to much of that one because I (like most) dismissed it as "just another horror movie". 
I'm pretty excited to see this one. 
Whoah, thank goodness for small miracles, my convergence is not like that. My eyes just over-focus when I look at things in my near range, so I have to wear reading glasses.
And I've spoken with a few optometrists who have said that today's lasik is incredibly beneficial for people with near/far sightedness, but not as much for people with astigmatism problems.
Also, can you do a magic trick for me?
I'd think that the market crash would actually lead to more alcohol purchases, but not quite in this way.
[i couldve sworn cheese was tagged as dairy](http://i.imgur.com/nCv77.png)
I'm a guy and I pluck my eyebrows and I sincerely enjoy that shit. The pain is bad sometimes, but I don't know, I enjoy doing it.
From what I've seen while playing, It only auto-collects while in combat, but if you're out of combat it requires you to manually collect it.
As a Canadian, what is A-Level?
Rolling is colloquial terminology for being high on 4-methylenedioxy-N-methylamphetamine, an entactogenic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine classes of drugs.
Glad I could clear that up.
I was 16. It was literally 3 years ago to the day.
I was in the theatre doing some work. Some girl had stupidly told me that kissing was no big deal and that she kissed her friends all the time. I said something along the lines of "What about me? Am I not your friend? Do I not get a kiss?" and we kissed.
Then we made out.
Then we went out.
Yeah. Turns out she was lying about kissing friends all the time.
*Some* girls. I actually don't really follow most of the 'beauty rituals' I listed above. I'll go weeks without shaving my legs, and only shave them when I feel like it. My eyebrows are usually a disaster, I don't lotion with any kind of regularity, hardly ever wear makeup, and mostly, I don't give a shit.
But honestly, you must be deliberately oblivious if you cannot postulate even a few reasons why many women might feel pressured or 'expected' to follow those grooming habits in our society.
I like you. TEBOW TIME MOTHERFUCKERS!
If universal healthcare is SOOOOO unpopular in those countries that have it - why are not people marching in the streets in hopes of bringing Aetna, Oxford and Blue Cross to THEIR countries?
> "Related" means that posts must contain gaming-related content in the link/post body, not just a "forced" connection via the title or a caption added to the content.
very decent of you to take time to share
I will put some icy hot on right after I apply the nair.
Wat. Experience is simply a way to get enchantments. It has nothing to do with leveling or anything else. I mean, you don't lose levels when you get gear in WoW. 'Experience' in minecraft is just another way of saying 'magical orbs of enchanting' and your level is a 'how many orbs have I collected' meter.
Eat it. I don't know how, but eat it.
I used to wipe standing up when I was younger because my arms weren't long enough to reach the toilet paper while sitting and once you're up there's no reason to sit back down.
And that kids, is the circle of karma
More straight lines to shave though. You have to twist and turn a lot while shaving your face and there's always one spot that you miss and then notice a few hours later. And then you can't stop noticing it. I really hate shaving..
My town is a ghost town between 8 and 11:30 on Sundays. I love working on Sundays because it's so chill during that time. No angry old people! 
i've had the carbs on and off so many times i can get off in like 20 minutes.
No football team caused the Holocaust and AIDS, and certainly not Atlanta.
The Bears caused the Holocaust, Minnesota caused AIDS.
what's your favorite myth?
Hey that is so cool! You broke your lurking for Terra's story. Well you seem very kind and I hope you comment more now. The internet needs more kindness. 
Cheers to you
Cameron Google. Hurry up with street view on this place. 
>This makes the guardian and basilisk sub-par for pvp
And...
> They don't fight against 200+ man fleets...
You realize blob warfare isn't the only pvp in the game, right?
I would rather wake up next to a naked super model.
Great feature. Welcome addition.
I'm sick of people who think that anything that doesn't suit their personal use case or work flow is useless.
I'm pretty sure it isn't. That page was pretty clearly authored by a crazy person with little or no knowledge of either traditional pagan religions or the modern reconstructionist ones.
I see that the writer links harry potter, simon and garfunkel, and the illuminati. I'm calling paranoid schizophrenic.
You guys on this site really like to share your masturbatory habits.
They have banned it on the basis that the psychology and medical professionals agreed that it was harmful to health. By your reasoning parents should be free to send their kids to molestation camps if the kids think it sounds groovy. The law only bans the dangerous and harmful therapy that has been effectively debunked... there is still the freedom to send kids to speak to a therapist about their sexual orientation if they so desire: the only change is that the therapist may not prescribe a potentially harmful course of action.
Thank you!
I feel like it would be safe for me to assume that the colour changes in bases also happen because of neutralization then...Right? heh. 
Indeed, rainbow colored hair? Unless she dyes it often, and that's not in her character, something strange is going on. She's brash, has poor planning, is quite honest... dear lord... 
Ok, [everyone stop what you're doing!](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4i151A6t21r0v6hbo1_250.gif). Stop all those Rory=Master theories that never panned out, we need RD=Master theories and we need them now!
Wish I could upvote once for each of these items.
It should just be named hosts.  lmhosts is a different file. 
You need to enable viewing of hidden files.  Tools -> Folder options -> View -> Show hidden files and folders.  
While you're at it, uncheck hide system files and uncheck hide extensions for known file types. 
Yes yes yes. He would look so suave.
"If California voters vote in new taxes this November then California will be poised to be back on top."
Uhh, who exactly thinks that making less money is a "good thing"?
Most people don't even use cash anymore.  We have direct deposit with credit cards, debit cards, checks, etc.  The only thing I could think of that would need cash is strip clubs.  I even pay toll roads with an electronic sensor.
Their mandibles and carrying capacity fill that role. They don't need tools. 
First of all Bargnani`s contract is actually pretty fair. He`s the second best player on a playoff team. He's a big man and he's a scorer. They get paid. They just do. Bargnani at 10 million is probably below market if someone wanted to sign him away.
He's actually an average defender, if you average out his skills. Excellent post defender, but terrible help defender because he focuses on his man too much. Although one of the reasons this is so obvious and sticks out like a sore thump is because he's played on some of the worst defensive teams in NBA history and probably the most consistently bad defensive team in the NBA since his rookie year. If he played on a decent or good (or great) defensive team, no one would ever mention this.
This style of play is not very stat friendly. I like to think of it as the "2K Problem". In NBA 2K, Shooting bigs (like Dirk) are rated lower because they don't fit into the "traditional" way a big man should play. Move them to SF and they're overall ratings skyrocket. Bargnani is that way in real life. He's a great shooter, who plays too far from the basket to even GET many rebounds so his stats look bad. He's an elite offensive player. Watching him should tell you that. The stats don't give that impression.
Take the Knicks/Raps game pre-Linsanity this past season. Bargnani carried the team on his back. He nearly beat the Knicks himself, if not for a Felton lucky bounce jumper.
He doesn't need to be traded, he needs to be built around. He's unstoppable if given the chance and putting Val/Amir/Davis/Fields next to him to cover his weakness only helps that.
This is fantastic. What I always found curious and interesting about PS1 is how it was advertised as this big playground world of terrain that you could get lost in for hours. I understand it's a beta and we have a long way to go, but I hope the size of these continents isn't a finality and they get much, much bigger.
Edit: Speeling
The bikes give it away?
I'll see your local hip hop and raise you one better.
http://youtu.be/8Vg_Ea8nvus
left foot, right foot, repeat
This is really old, but my friends and I played the hell out of [jump 'n bump](http://icculus.org/jumpnbump/). It's extremely fun and there are a ton of fan-made levels around.
Up to 4 players, shared screen.
Mountains, Snow, World class ski resorts, Long winter, Long summer. Oh and Real Salt Lake.
Go to Mt Everest, and then out one foot in front of the other.
Okay, now you're just being willfully ignorant.
Good day, sir.
SBSettings! I remember that. I had a 3GS a while ago. You have to download an app that actually puts it in the window with stock Android, but in [AOKP](http://i.imgur.com/HfnAv.png) it's integrated nicely.  
On that note, look at my [theme!](http://imgur.com/a/UEYyP)
By the time we got to four, I was just laughing
King is a machine. But that is not always a good thing. I read his JFK assassination book last winter. It was a good 250 page story spread over an 850 page book. It was as thin as one of those Saturday Night Live sketches that gets made into a feature-length movie.  He really needs an editor with the guts to actually edit his work.   
Can we all just agree to downvote that, fellow knights of new?
Yeah, I had noticed that, I have a closer up of the markings, if you'd like me to post it. 
I got the bonus package on my first play through with axton, still using it at level 25 :)
He's the second coming of Jesus. He only twats the truth, and his opinions are to be accepted without dissent.
hahaha Osi and Tuck trash talking the Philly fans.
2nd goal imo manno's expecting kos to deflect the ball towards him. Anticipating gone wrong, his reflection was too slow
I get the realistic wildlife mod, just makes traveling and hunting so much fun.  
That dog is adorable.
Do you know how expensive it is to make a round trip to BD? That's one problem. This person has a family, a job or has to go to school, has to pay taxes, and has all the problems of a middle class life that you and I both share.
If you're like that other guy a few weeks ago that I said this to who said "Nuh, uh! It's your business to leave your entire life behind and go gallivanting after terrorists!" You're probably 15 and have everything paid for by your parents.
The fuck do you want him to do?
Quite frankly, it's not his fault, and he shouldn't feel the urge to do jack shit because /r/atheism has it's bitch tits fired up. Do it yourselves.
I have terrible news....terrible news.
Bodie is cool. I only wish you could tour the mine buildings too. Funny story, when I was there a few years ago, I found a $20 bill in a tumbleweed, off a bit north of town. Later we went to buy a $2 guidebook, but the grumpy old ranger guy doing maintenance said "We're not really open today, I don't have change". I looked at the $20 bill in my hand, the one I found, and said, "then give me ten guide books". 
"What are you going to do with ten books"
"Give nine of them away"
I confused quite a few foreign tourists giving them  $2 guides for free.
(( 'So sue me,' says the LAWYER.  Cheater. ))
He was one of us...
Agreed completely :( best character by far!
Something that's been helping my partner and I is going over pre-marital questions. It's making us see where we agree and disagree as well as present ways on fixing those issues in a neutral space. We usually do 2-3 questions every other night which has us talking for 20 minutes to an hour. I like these questions a lot as they do not favor either party and seem.. gentle. No accusations or anything. I could send you the giant email of 500+ questions I have if you'd like. For now I'll just post one set of questions to get the ball rolling. 
Note, I don't want you guys to get married or something. It's just that these questions are good relationship builders for people in committed relationships. :D
*** 
WORK
1. Are you working on your chosen field?
2. How many hours a week do you work?
3. What does your job entail? (For example, do you often travel for business, work at home, performs dangerous tasks?)
4. What is your dream job?
5. Have you ever been called a workaholic?
6. What is your retirement plan? What do you plan to do when you stop working?
7. Have you ever been fired?
8. Have you ever quit a job suddenly? Have you changed jobs a lot?
9. Do you consider your work a career or just a job?
10. Has your work ever been a factor in the breakup of a relationship?
HOME
11. If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
12. Do you prefer urban, suburban, or rural settings?
13. Is it important to have your own private home, or do you prefer apartment or condo living, with a management company responsible for the maintenance? Are you a do-it yourselfer, or would you rather hire professionals? Do you prefer to clean your own home or hire a housekeeper?
14. Do you think of your home as a cocoon, or is your door always open? What do you need to feel energized and inspired in your home?
15. Is quiet important in your home, or do you prefer having music or some background noise most of the time? Is it important to have a TV in the bedroom? Living room? Kitchen? Do you like to sleep with the TV or radio on?
16. How important is it for you to have a space in your home that is yours alone?
17. Have differences about home style ever been a factor in the breakup of a relationship?
18. If you had unlimited resources, how would you live?
19. How important is it for you to make a lot of money?
20. What is your annual income?
21. Do you pay alimony or child support?
22 Do you believe in prenuptial agreements? Under what circumstances?
23. Do you believe in establishing a family budget?
24. Should individuals within a marriage have separate bank accounts in addition to joint accounts? Do you feel that bills should be divided based on a percentage of each person's salary?
25. Who should handle the finances in your family?
26. Do you have significant debts?
27. Do you gamble?
28. Did you have a paying job when you were in high school? Before high school?
29. Have you ever been called cheap or stingy?
30. Do you believe that a certain amount of money should be set aside for pleasure, even if you�re on a tight budget?
31. Have you ever used money as a way of controlling a relationship? Has anyone ever tried to control you with money?
32. Has money ever been a factor for you in the breakup of a relationship?
RELATIONSHIP HISTORY
33. Have you ever felt deeply insecure in a relationship? Were you able to name your fear?
34. When was the first time you felt that you were in love with another person? What happened in that relationship, and how have you come to terms with it?
35. What is the longest relationship you have ever had prior to this one? Why did it end, and what lesson did you learn?
36. Have you ever been married? If so, are you divorced or widowed? How do you think you handled the loss?
37. If you have a current partner, do they know of behaviors that you exhibited in your previous relationship that you're not proud of?
38. Do you believe that past relationships should be left in the past and not talked about in your current relationship?
39. Do you tend to judge current partners on past relationships?
40. Have you ever sought marriage counseling? What did the experience teach you?
41. Do you have children from previous marriages or non-marital relationships? What is your relationship with them? How do you see your relationship with them in the future?
42. Have you ever been engaged to be married but didn't go through with the wedding?
43. Have you ever had a live-in partner? Why did you choose to live together instead of marrying? What did your experience teach you about the importance of marriage and about commitment?
44. Do you harbor fears that the person you love might reject you or fail out of love with you?
SEX
45. What sexual activities do you enjoy the most? Are there specific sexual acts that make you uncomfortable? Be specific! This is no time to hedge.
46. Do you feel comfortable initiating sex? If yes, why? If no, why?
47. What do you need in order to be in the mood for sex?
48. Have you ever been sexually abused or assaulted?
48. What was the attitude toward sex in your family? Was it talked about? Who taught you about sex?
50. Do you use sex to self-medicate? If something upsets you, do you use sex to try and help you feel better?
51. Have you ever felt forced to have sex to keep the peace? Have you ever forced someone or been told that you forced someone to have sex with you to keep the peace?
52. Is sexual fidelity an absolute necessity in a good marriage?
53. Do you enjoy viewing pornography?
54. How often do you need or expect sex?
55. Have you ever a sexual relationship with a person of the same sex?
56. Has sexual dissatisfaction ever been a factor for you in the breakup of a relationship?
HEALTH
57. How would you describe the current state of your health?
58. Have you ever had a serious illness? Have you ever had surgery?
58. Do you believe it is a sacred responsibility to take care of yourself? Do you believe that taking care of your physical and mental health is a part of honoring your marriage vows?
60. Are there genetic diseases in your family or a history of cancer, heart disease, or chronic illness?
61. Do you have health insurance? Dental insurance?
62. Do you belong to a gym? If so, how much time do you spend at the gym every week?
63. Do you play sports or take exercise classes?
64. Have you ever been in a physically or emotionally abusive relationship?
65. Have you ever suffered from an eating disorder?
66. Have you ever been in a serious accident?
67. Do you take medication?
68. Have you ever had a sexually transmitted disease?
P.. Have you ever been treated for a mental disorder?
70. Do you see a therapist?
71. Do you smoke, or have you ever smoked?
72. Do you consider yourself an addictive personality, and have you ever suffered from an addiction? Have you ever been told you have an addiction problem, even though you might disagree?
73. How much alcohol do you drink every week?
74. Do you use recreational drugs?
75. Do you have a medical problem that impacts your ability to have a satisfying sex life (for example, erectile dysfunction, premature ejaculation, vaginal dryness, drug/alcohol addiction, etc)?
76. Have any of these health problems ever been a factor for you in the breakup of a relationship?
APPEARANCE
77. How important is it that you always look your best?
78. How important is your spouse's appearance? Do you have strong preferences about being with a particular physical type?
70. Are there cosmetic procedures that you regularly undergo?
80. Is weight control important to you? Is your spouse's weight important to you? What would your reaction be if your partner were to gain a significant amount of weight?
81. How much money do you spend on clothing every year?
82. Do you worry about getting old? Do you worry about losing your looks?
83. What do you like and dislike about your appearance? When you were a child, were you often complimented or shamed about your looks?
84. What would your reaction be if your spouse lost a limb? A breast? How would you handle this loss?
85. Do you feel that you can have good chemistry with someone who is moderately physically attractive to you, or is a strong physical attraction necessary? Has physical appearance or chemistry ever been a factor in the breakup of a relationship?
EDIT - formating
What about people who don't get over it? We can't ask people who killed themselves if the solution was a good one, we can only ask people who didn't kill themselves, which is kind of a skewed perspective. I also don't believe in the base assumption that "life is always worth living no matter how shitty". That's the animal brain that says that, the part of our DNA that desires to survive and propagate.
Additionally, how do you determine "unsound of mind"? Depression is terrible but someone who is depressed isn't necessarily unable to make judgments about themselves or the world. It's an incredibly patronizing view to say to someone who is depressed "You don't know what your talking about, your brain doesn't work right. I know your life better than you, and you should keep on keeping on."
Yesterday I was in thick traffic on my motorcycle (A 2003 Honda CBR600RR) and some asshat on the same exact bike with a tapout gym bag on his back, with no helmet to speak of, blew right down the dotted line between two lanes of traffic, giving me a thumbs up. These bikes are LOUD and I almost went down just avoiding the fucking deafening noise it made. A goddamned mirror would have killed him
He was easily going 130. I wanted to catch up and call him in, but I realized that was unrealistic for more than one reason 
Mine was Corporation.6. It was really just a spin of the word wheel on this one
my best guess would be beaver island
And I'd say it's for the better.
Wouldn't device registration be a problem though?  They control access to every MAC address on the network.
When having parent teacher conferences with parents that are unable to read their child's report cards what goes on in your head? Do you feel the need to teach them to read, because parents are the biggest role models for your students?
Absolutely, maybe other states will follow.
i'm not repeating that to my turtle.
I've made [2 of the 3](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/10ppmw/game_thread_buffalo_bills_21_vs_new_england/c6fkcwh) that I know of.
It's fine if no other game supports it. I only have a DS for Pokemon anyway.
Is there any sort of guide, or something, anything that you know of that can tell me how to change it then? I'm very inexperienced when it comes to this kind of stuff.
My computer runs on wireless too so if it kicks off other wireless devices that may be a problem anyway!
>doesn't explode
It only exploded when it hit the ground. Most spent fuel tanks that are on fire will explode when they hit the ground. 
>fly at a jaunty angle
It flew at the angle it was meant to fly at. Straight up while it had all 3 fuel tanks firing, then an arch when the 2 'solid' rocket boosters detached. 
It you remember, the robin reliant had to detach and glide down. What angle do you think it was supposed to be at when the detach happened? Facing straight up?
Also, if you watch a space shuttle launch the angles are actually pretty similar but obviously an order of magnitude faster and higher. 
[It hits quite an angle.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FROxZ5i67k&feature=player_detailpage#t=104s)
[And a pic to demonstrate.](http://cdn-www.airliners.net/aviation-photos/photos/4/3/8/0421834.jpg)
Basically, your criticisms are unwarranted and the only thing that went wrong with the flight was the car not detaching. I also question your ability to make a rocket with 8,000KG of thrust as you previously claimed to be able to do. 
Haha thanks. Thought *I* was losing it!
No it's not difficult.  I got a Physics requirement covered by my AP Chem credit. (It was for a GE)
Go talk to your department advisor.
I would say there is a fundamental difference in policy regarding comparing having blasphemy laws vs not having blasphemy laws.  Pretending they're the same thing is walking down that "well, there is no evil" sort of route which I definitely don't believe to be true.
Just because they come from another culture doesn't mean they can't be wrong.  That applies to blasphemy laws, treatment of women, treatment of other religions, mob violence, etc.  You can make the same case as you made about blasphemy laws with any of those things.  "well in our culture we like female circumcision!" makes female circumcision no less wrong or disgusting.
I don't understand why people are naming current vikings players when we're 3-1 and look pretty good through 4 weeks. Eh, whatever. 
It's not your looks.  It's your personality.
He made the game winner, but I would hope the Redskins aren't that stupid enough to keep him 
fuck the haters you look cool
Posts must be directly gaming-related. Thus, "generic" image macros/memes (where the character itself is not related to gaming) like Scumbag Steve, Good Guy Greg, etc. will be removed. **Something that "reminds you of a game", or "looks like something from a game" is also not an appropriate submission**; similarly, reaction GIFs are also not appropriate as submissions.
/r/Gaben
Yeah it was definitely doing Yeoman's work, but made this watchable.
I think changing things up in defs necessary, and IMO they looked a little small in width. Maybe just look for a harder rim, but a similar shape like before. 
Personally I want to believe it is true but I do not have a strong enough understanding of genetics to say either way.  Can someone tell me what the low down on this article is?
Ive done it many times. How would a nick put you in the hospital anyways?
Or she has to practice reading yours. I just don't get why you didn't reply to her, wherever she is. I don't see her here. 
I'm down with JPP!
Her hair is cool. 
You need to learn!
But you ARE voting, just not for the President. It is obvious you don't give a shit about "lower options" but they can be just as important as the presidential election. This is one of the reasons people who say ""I'm not voting because my vote doesn't matter" are wrong. Local elections for US Congress, Senate, and in most states, state reps, senators, and local officials are just as important, and more likely to be influenced by one individual.
Those "lower options" can affect your life just as much as who the president is. What if some group manages to get a corrupt sheriff elected because of your apathy? What if your state passes a "Vaginal ultrasound before abortion" bill that was proposed by a man from YOUR district, and you did nothing to prevent him gaining office because you felt your vote didn't matter on a national scale, so it obviously doesn't matter at all. What if your house gets taken by eminent domain for a local government building parking lot that you did nothing to stop?
People who become apathetic because their voice can't be heard among 300 million need to look closer to home. The Federal system is there to ensure that even if the White House can't hear you, someone can.
You get that a lot unfortunately. A lot of kids come in claiming to be singers who just shout or scream atrociously down the mic. Or plebs claiming the play guitar when all the do is fret wank. 
We had a few of these but eventually they all left cos they realised college wasn't all they thought it would be. Sadly not everyone worships metal and wants to do songs with insane bpm and tapping solos. And you actually have to do work. So they leave.
We are doing black keys aswell we started gold on the ceilin last week. It's a damn hassle picking songs as well when every group seems to have at least 3 guitarists lol. That's a good idea for a band as well but can be really hard to make it work. Hold onto that drummer for dear life as well a good drummer is gold dust
Did you do simply music btw?
[](/rarityannoyed) I'm probably going to say something like that after I die. 
I believe it was created in honour of one of the more influential members who would often post edited photos where Squidward's head is substituted for a pony's head.
if you want to talk we can skype for a bit. I'm a guy btw 20 years old. and if you want we could talk a bit since that will work better than keep posting ;p (it's 2 am here as well so I won't be posting after an 30-40 min. we can chat through skype as well if you prefer that^^ pm me your skype Im currently online
Wouldn't that make OP a dog?
My girlfriend is an estheticion she like to wax my man parts. Hurts like hell at first, but now I've gotten used to it and actually prefer getting waxed.
Whats the benefit of an integrated gpu?
I am not sure about the legalities of this situation, but you might try calling your local non-emergency line for the police department (or a consultation from a lawyer) and briefly explaining the situation. Ask them if what she's doing has legal consequences. 
Yea lets donate money for someone to make a 40 minute special on something we already know all about. 
I've done it not that big of a deal to be honest.
Oh, come on. Why wouldn't you tell it?
I'm attending this year!  I hope to see some 2xers there (no idea how I'd find anybody though).
This current Sun has only just been added in 0.17. We only had a placeholder blob beforehand so it's still in its very early stage and could easily be stationary, I'm not sure. But even if it doesn't rotate it will, as a proper sun, so I'm counting on/with that.  
If you'll end up figuring out something about an exact Sun-stationary orbital altitude, make sure to let us know!
It's stupid but I don't have a funny fart story :-p
After the dirty hit that broke his hip I wouldn't blame scotty if he didn't want to risk injuring himself again in a lower league. He was fun to watch and I would certainly love for him to come play for the aces again though, hopefully without any injuries this time. 
War is winding down and Famine is gearing up. I know that it's going to be bad, but I think that war between nations is getting slower. War between governments and their people, on the other hand, will go up because of famine and prices.
I still think about that friggin video.
Naaah, Japanese is pretty easy, it's mostly reading And understanding all the kanji that's hard 
I'm surprised people are still talking about trimming with this on the table.
Jeez how stupid are you?  Go to Safeway and get some.  Are you five years old or something?
I said that when you guys were up. Sorry...
@sllewgh
I know this is an older post, but if I may ask, what material can I use for a homemade stencil? Paper, cardboard, tape, plastic, ect.?
Or maybe you're a teacher doing it right. 
Good... gooooooooood...
The more faith you place in the Giants, the more they suck. Everything is going according to plan...
AND THAT'S HOW YOU WORK THE MUTHAFUCKIN SYSTEM SON!!
Well... I got a book published when I was 13... And I'm still trying to get rich off of it. :) (I'm 14 now) www.amazon.com/author/oliverdahl
Damnit you beat me to it
I never use foam when shaving my gonad pouch. I'm afraid I won't be able to figure out where the wrinkles are and cut myself. So yeah, no foam. 
Love the brutal honesty
Was unfamiliar with that breed until you just mentioned it, now i'm in love (as with most larger dogs and corgis)
Alot of work for one game and time wasted
That's funny so did I, little cat was a scrappy outdoor type. Haha this girls other cat hated him, she was racist
Can you do us a favor and post the rest of the book? Thanks.
I actively dislike them.
Could be due to them being my ex's favourite band. Or maybe they're just a bit too whiny. Who knows.
Nyx is possibly going to be a great pick against heavy AoE teams. Burst their squishy, get carapace up, watch as they stun themselves and your team cleans them.
Oh yeah, that's totally reasonable for a $90 AAA Game.
Indeed, the main arcs are based on F1/2, but lots of side stories and locations are based on F3. So it's a cool blend (yes, I like Johnnie Walker).
People mostly mention F3, because this fandom is a bit younger (I think), and F1 is 15 or what years old :) But there's definitely a lot of "general fallout" lore present, not just F3.
If you haven't played the game, then I most definitely recommend to start with the old ones and play them in order. It has been the best gaming experience of my life, maybe excluding the very first game of Dwarf Fortress I've played :D
Let's all take a moment to applaud clammywhammy for receiving the "Most Awkward Childhood" award. 
That's called abusing the system, and most gamestop employees if they see you do that will point to the sign that says we can deny anyone business....
Or they will do it an think that you are a dick.
This is the coolest thing I have seen all day. 
Even the worst here is 90% as good as the best, it doesn't matter too much.
It was pretty sad, I mean the Jets just couldn't get ANYTHING going. It was painful to watch. 
No, I would rather just have live icons. A weather icon that actually showed the actual weather. A clock icon, that actually showed the real time. So on and so forth. But I don't need widgets. I would rather just have more improvements to Siri to get me the data I want without having to touch my phone.
near oakleaf/blanding but from the southside
It was touted as his signature edition executive stainless. Now he's busy promoting his new Nighthawk signature edition. Like everyone else, he's just a huckster. For an industry to decries those who trample on their freedoms, they sure love being pandered to. 
https://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc6/218183_10151415449072818_1475351427_n.jpg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LqSWiatV0Q
Lockheed Martin has developed a Monocopter based on the Maple Seed.
Three months after deadline day, still got in.
^don't ^do ^this ^if ^oxbridge ^or ^medicine
Syn = Synyster Gates
7 = Reference to Avenged Sevenfold
Odd, yet true.
Most of the newer ones are "Hi, I'm new here but really shy - be nice!". When you click on the link, it's a picture of some chick shoving god knows what in her hoo-ha.
Fellow bandie here! Does your band do anything with parents for this week? My band in college had a "family" game during homecoming. Our parents could come up and do a pre game show with us, explore the festivities, sit in the band section during the game, etc. Your dad might be more willing to try if he could participate in something like that with all the other parents. 
I have my commons maxed out but still buy recruit packs for the medigel.  If your other consumables are maxed, recruit packs give 2 medigel per pack which is 40 for 100,000 credits.  It's the cheapest way to get medigel and you get a lot of character xp if you are into the promoting thing.
damn getting dem private esl bucks? how'd you swing that? You have credentials or something?
I was about to say, I have a 600w OCZ PSU and I've never had a single problem with it.
Why did I read the entire post...
New LCD is your best bet. Take it to the genius bar, they should help you out if you are under warranty. 
"Sorry, my fault."
Four months, $10 and a name change later...
>I mean seriously, this article says it all.
Oh god you're fucking sincere aren't you? One segment on the Daily Show or one article on the Onion informs your entire way of thinking about an issue with more context than you care to try and figure out? Jesus fucking christ. Pick up a book maybe? Read some history? Place some things in historical context? Understand the social structure of the countries where something like this is made possible?
It's a really mediocre beer and it's painfully easy to find a better beer everywhere I've been. If that's one of the best beers you can find, try making your own beer, you won't be disappointed.
eh in the past 5 years rushing is not really a good indicator of a team's success.  don't get me wrong, if a team has good RBs, that's great, but the past few superbowl winners have had poor running games.
Also, the top rushing teams in the NFL: KC (1-3), Washington (2-2), buffalo (2-2), miami, and baltimore.  only baltimore is a contender.
this is sort of a digression
Freshman year of highschool I had to a book report on it.  I just remember sitting there with a quizzical look on my face; thinking what the heck?
>Some say that if you look close enough you can count the rings and tell his age.
All we know is, he's called the Stig
The Magrider main gun takes far more shots to take out any other MBT, how exactly is it OP? Movement? It moves so slow you have to be absolutely terrible not to be able to track it.
Oh wow, just beautiful. Love the outfit and gladly hope to see more of it.
Not to be flippant - but foods that I can't inhale work best for me, like nectarines.  So, big glass of water, and some kind of "real food" that requires a good amount of chewing. : )
>Well I would say guns in public in an angry mob >> than two black panthers in lawn chairs
I would actually describe it as peaceful protestors exercising their 2nd amendment rights << two members of the black panthers standing outside of polling places with billy clubs yelling and screaming in order to intimidate voters. 
Whether you think they are loonies or not, the Tea Party always had peaceful protests and were not "an angry mob", if you want to see an  "angry mob" in violent protest (using explosives etc), google "Occupy oakland". 
No, it isn't rape.  Basically, if he's considered of high enough intellect to be admitted into the army, then he'd be of high enough intellect to be sexually active.  
I think if the genders were reversed, people still wouldn't call it rape, because he's supposed to be dumb, not mentally disabled.  (And I really get sick of people proclaiming that kind of stuff.  Well, if the genders were reversed...then it would be a completely different story.  And I think, given the relationship that's supposed to be portrayed, and Forrest's obvious mental competence, if he were a woman, it sitll wouldn't be considered rape.)
When people talk about sex with disabled adults being rape, they're usually talking about people who have the mental capacity of small children - who literally do not understand what sex is.  In legal standing, a person is deemed to be mentally impaired if they have an IQ of below 70.  Forrest's IQ is supposed to be 75, so legally, no.  
Also, the movie deviated quite sharply from the book.  In the book he's supposed to be more of an idiot savant, as well as being 6'6", and he works as a stunt man and professional wrestler, and is held captive by cannibals.  
Also, for the people in this thread insisting Jenny gave Forrest AIDS - it is much more difficult for a woman to give a man HIV than vice-versa. It isn't a 1 to 1 transmission rate - you don't have sex with a person who is HIV positve and BAM, you have HIV.  Sometimes it happens and sometimes it doesn't. Women contract HIV from unprotected heterosexual sex at a 2x higher rate than do men.  
Finally, there is no doubt in the book that the kid is Forrest's.  
Be brave, my son.
Blood and bloody ashes but you really couldn't have found a more interesting username?
Jazz it up or something!
At a certain point in your day you just don't give a fuck anymore, for me it's about 10 minutes in. That's why I'm the towel, pillow, and incredibly destructible tiny pieces of porcelain guy.
>political issue
Is global warming a political issue?  
Don't Al Gore and James Hansen call for political measures to be taken to stop what they predict will be catastrophic man-made global warming?
Without a doubt, the first challenge was stupid.
I carved styrofoam in the shapes that I wanted and then covered it in several layers of concrete in various colors and then used 100% silicone to attach it to the tank and touched up the edges and seams with concrete. I cycled it like that for about a month to get the ph down and did 100% percent water changes about everyday. Start to finish took about 3 months to get it fish ready.
It's a lol that hits home...
How much letters there is in your post title?
And people wonder why we had a "Occupy Wall St" movement. Seriously, fuck these banks. 
We're now a society in which  the perpetrators of financial crimes rather than going to jail - get bailed out.  
Too bad that isn't the right one.  That's a pretty nice quality stream
I have no idea why Gaul was so large.  It was actually a very odd game in that respect, because the AI was really on the ball and they're usually not.  Gaul was a powerhouse that kept sending in full stacks to fight me, and the Macedonians were also unusually strong.  I wasn't using any mods or cheats, and I believe I was playing on normal.
I wish I remembered more of the game.  My general Scorilo was almost godlike.
I remember doing this is 3rd grade.
You are not the world.
It was the first couple of paragraphs. I'm sorry if I somehow ruined your day. Every time I mentioned it in talking to people here or in person, I got a dozen questions about making sure I was sure she was ready and will I make the day special for her, so I wanted to clear that up first. Thanks for your help though, I gained a lot from your comment. You should help out here more often. 
Tonsil tennis is bad
I can't imagine that being very difficult.  A little bit of a pain to setup, but once it is, it should only take a couple minutes to change for a few days (tops? I'm not sure all that is involved in editing a sub's CSS).  I'd be happy to help with that if the manpower was needed.
but didn't they get sued because of fires?
"Practice how you want to perform."
How do you do this! Please give me some type of warning next time. Lol
In depot town there's Sidetracks and frenchies which have great happy hour specials on good beer. woodruff's for cheap bottled beer and music, corner brewing company for just amazing beer, stix on mondays for $2 well drinks and free pool, the wurst on cross street for amazing burger's and bratwurst using exotic meats, powell's bar for a good time with people who don't care about image like ann arbor seems to. Also tuesdays is bike night in depot town, and one of the weekend nights is car night.
Yeah, that's more reasonable. I'll watch for a sale. Thanks!
The BEST way, would be a saline drip through an IV. As far as I know. Gatorade helps though.
Literally beat me to it by 30 s :D
I use GNU PSPP all the time (free replacement for SPSS statistics package) and it would be great to list it here.
gotta love BYOB strip clubs.
I don't think I'm a better person, we have different ways of thinking about things and that's good because the world would be a boring place if we we all the same. Couldn't have an enlightening discourse about random topics without our differences.
Are my questions to the other responses unclear? I don't get what I am missing. I want to know the physical significance of the four terminals in the diagram. What do the arrows connecting them mean? Also a reference to something that explains it would work.
Definately an intense game.  Little rough but I'll take it.
I hate to break it to you but he doesnt die. There are two other books after the Giver.
Assuming they don't just overpower you from multiple fronts and double your people.
Buddhists begin mass ethnic cleansing of Rohingya Muslims in Burma: World News ignores.
Muslims burn one Buddhist building: ZOMG let's flood World News with bigoted generalizations about all Muslims everywhere!
...as I posted in /r/worldnews
Oppressed people of the world: don't kill yourself, [kill your oppressors](http://courses.washington.edu/spcmu/speeches/lucyparsons.htm)!
*But halt, before you commit this last tragic act in the drama of your simple existence. Stop! Is there nothing you can do to insure those whom you are about to orphan, against a like fate? The waves will only dash over you in mockery of your rash act; but stroll you down the avenues of the rich and look through the magnificent plate windows into their voluptuous homes, and here you will discover the very identical robbers who have despoiled you and yours. Then let your tragedy be enacted here! Awaken them from their wanton sport at your expense! Send forth your petition and let them read it by the red glare of destruction. Thus when you cast "one long lingering look behind" you can be assured that you have spoken to these robbers in the only language which they have ever been able to understand, for they have never yet deigned to notice any petition from their slaves that they were not compelled to read by the red glare bursting from the cannon's mouths, or that was not handed to them upon the point of the sword.*
I'm non-religious, raised as a godless heathen, and have only encountered religious music/texts through my B.Music studies. Recently to clear my mind and to get through anxiety, I've started saying Ave Marias in English, French, and Latin, in sequence. It helps, for some reason. I don't feel anything, but it's something to concentrate on and to help keep my mind blank. 
This submission has been automatically removed.
Posting images is only allowed if they are posted as a self/text-post and if the intent is to foster discussion or involve some sort of question. If your submission is of that type, please feel free to [resubmit in a text post](http://www.reddit.com/r/dogs/submit?selftext=true).
If you just want to share a picture, please try one of these:
* /r/dogpictures
* /r/lookatmydog
*[I am a bot](http://www.reddit.com/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fdogs) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Anything by Chuck Palahniuk. Most notably Choke, but also Fight Club, although the movie is slightly better. 
Standford also should be used to this by now, but instead they rush the field, as a ranked themselves, having just beaten a team that they were already on 3 game winning streak against.
TO ENTER. I haven't been playing much rotmg recently due to death, so this could help me come back and play more :)
Because UCLA's only loss so far came to OSU, not an embarrassing loss
i also feel that since the board is designed to use more fins, using less fins would be awkward. 
Sorry, it was a lame joke. You look like and have a similar job as Nate from Uncharted.
tor's DNSPort directive makes it listen on udp.. 
    # cat /etc/tor/torrc  | grep -v ^# | grep -v ^$
    SocksPort 9050 # what port to open for local application connections
    SocksListenAddress 127.0.0.1 # accept connections only from localhost
    DNSPort 9053
    DNSListenAddress 10.42.0.1
    # netstat -lupn | grep tor
    udp        0      0 10.42.0.1:9053          0.0.0.0:*                           14574/tor       
    # netstat -ltpn | grep tor
    tcp        0      0 127.0.0.1:9050          0.0.0.0:*               LISTEN      14574/tor       
    # netstat -ltpn | grep redsocks
    tcp        0      0 10.42.0.1:12345         0.0.0.0:*               LISTEN      14087/redsocks  
it's actually super easy you just use iptables to redirect all port 53 udp traffic from the wifi network to tor:
    iptables -t nat -A PREROUTING -i wlan0 -p udp -m udp --dport 53 -j REDIRECT --to-ports 9053 
and then another rule to direct all tcp traffic (i guess including tcp 53) to redsocks;
    iptables -t nat -A PREROUTING -i wlan0 -p tcp -m tcp -j REDIRECT --to-ports 12345
notice how I have redsocks and tor (udp 9053) listening on 10.42.0.1 -- that is the wlan0 interface's IP. It seems that you need to listen on the wifi interface, listening on 127.0.0.1 won't work with iptables REDIRECT.
redsocks then forwards the traffic to tor's socks proxy port. here is my super basic redsocks configuration:
    # cat redsocks.conf
    base {
    	log_debug = on;
    	log_info = on;
    	log = stderr;
    	daemon = off;
    	redirector = iptables;
    }
    redsocks {
    	local_ip = 10.42.0.1;
    	local_port = 12345;
    	ip = 127.0.0.1;
    	port = 9050;
    	type = socks5;
    }
I also have these rules on the iptables filter table:
    iptables -t filter -A INPUT -i wlan0 -p tcp -j ACCEPT 
    iptables -t filter -A INPUT -i wlan0 -p udp -m udp --dport 9053 -j ACCEPT 
    iptables -t filter -A INPUT -i wlan0 -j DROP
that just limits the traffic allowed to come from the wlan0 interface to udp port 53 and all tcp traffic only. All other traffic gets dropped since we can't do anything with it anyway. Hopefully this will stop any possible traffic leakage either to my other internal networks or to the internet.
I'm also pushing out the DNS server using dhcp (from my dhcpd.conf)
    # wlan0 -- new 'tor' network
    subnet 10.42.0.0 netmask 255.255.255.0 {
      range 10.42.0.2 10.42.0.254;
      option broadcast-address 10.42.0.255;
      option routers 10.42.0.1;
      option domain-name-servers 10.42.0.1;
      option domain-name "torproject.org";
    }
I'm running all this on a spare laptop using the laptops' internal wifi.. it's using hostapd to generate the wifi hotspot here is the hostapd.conf although it's pretty basic
    # cat hostapd.conf
    interface=wlan0
    driver=nl80211
    ssid=tor
    channel=1
I also ordered one of these http://www.alfa.com.tw/in/front/bin/ptdetail.phtml?Part=AWUS036NH
which I think will also work with hostapd under Linux.. if it works ok I'll probably migrate this setup to a raspberrypi until I get around to messing with a proper wifi access point using openwrt or ddwrt. Hopefully it will have better range than my laptop anyway.
UPDATE: pro-tip; if you add AutomapHostsOnResolve 1 to the torrc config file it allows you to visit .onion hidden services too :)
His name was Phillip Coulson.
Ok that's why it looks like there are boobs. 
Can't say that I do it as a hobby, but on occasion. My first impression of the Norwegian is quite good. Very polite and friendly bunch. 
We are now: http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=860c9b9f3b
You have a great room!
I agree with the advice to hang art, but also it's more than art, you need more patterns and textures in the room.
Your windows are a great focal point. So I might rearrange the room like [this,](http://imgur.com/jIpOL) with your sofa back where your secretary is now and [chairs](http://www.houzz.com/celebrate-the-art-of-the-clash) like this in front of the windows. Here are some [pilows](http://www.zazzle.com/pattern_toned_red_grey_lumber_pillow-189968908154400681) that might work for that and match your rug.
I would put the secretary on the wall beside that.
If you would like to keep the sofa facing the wall it is, look at [this](http://contemporarylivingroomdesignideas.blogspot.com/2011/05/living-room-design-ideas.html).Your room also reminded me of [this](http://www.freshfreestuff.net/free/ikea-catalogue-2012-pdf-ipad-android.html)
If you want wall color there are [removable wallpapers](https://www.google.com/search?q=removable+wallpaper&hl=en&client=firefox-a&hs=I9T&rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&prmd=imvns&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ei=qdRoUNSKKobGygG7sIDQBQ&ved=0CAoQ_AUoAQ&biw=1152&bih=816).
I would add some more patterned pillows to add to your solids. I would keep the deep colored pillows and get rid of the pastelish ones. Here are some that could match with the window [chair pillows and your rug](http://www.1stdibs.com/furniture_item_detail.php?id=448776).
And some more: http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_tIXZzlWDDLo/TB-xHOO0JRI/AAAAAAAACOA/RqUOy4_iC5w/s400/etsy_willa_skye_pillow.jpg   http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_evlIKp1D64Q/TEBQBK8tDSI/AAAAAAAAHiU/xd0i11YyXuE/s400/silver+flower+pillow+cover_be+still+shop_etsy.jpg  http://rk.weimgs.com/weimgs/rk/images/wcm/products/201238/0029/img6t.jpg
You can do a lot to [mix patterns.](http://media-cache-ec3.pinterest.com/upload/8233211789084428_MXxHU9sj_c.jpg)
I would get a white throw for the sofa. 
Do you love your coffee table? You might geta boxy cuby white table? or wood to go with the secretary wood. a little smaller. if you have more money.
And if you want a tv wall I would also suggest a boxy, cube-y console or shelf unit. along the wall that seems to havve wires. but I think that would mean keeping your sofa on the wall it is.
Then you need a couple of lamps. I might use some funky standing and hanging lamps. http://welshliving.co.uk/News/Add-some-sparkle-on-a-budget--Modern-lights.html  http://knockoffs.olya.org/2007/07/07/tripod-lamp/
and, thats about the only sign you will find in Neihart... haha. 
You're trying to save yourself, but the truth is, you just made a mistake thinking I was talking about the blood at all. You keep quoting me as saying "bod" when I didn't even make a typo. I said "body." Somebody else quoted me as saying "bod" because they didn't copy and paste the rest of my original comment. You ran with that.
And my question was perfectly valid. My lack of concern for whether it was bacteria or chemicals was born out of my response to a person before me who formed the same valid question as me, but the person that responded to him got caught up in whether bacteria was a chemical, which, while what he said was true, did not address the essence of his concern. Your focus now on whether bacteria is a chemical, when I've never disputed that (I actually know that it isn't) nor gave any reason to suggest whether that was what I was concerned about, is born out of your desire to save face.
Such an obvious political game. Of course they are going to pull this stunt after global criticism that they are favoring Muslims while coptic Christians live in fear. Not that it really matters, since blasphemy as a charge really doesn't sit all that well with your average american irregardless of which religion it favors. Still, I hate to see these obvious propaganda stories being reported on like it isn't all about global image.
About 2 hours west along route 78.
Cerave is my suggestion.
By "urban style of attire" are you referring to "black rapper style of attire"?
Doublelift didn't just say they were better than them, he just said they were bad. Most, if not all pro players agree that SK and SJ are the weakest teams there. After SK's games vs CLG.eu they got whooped by M5. They played in some online tournaments after that and got whooped by low tier teams. SK is known to be extremely inconsistent, and their games vs CLG were few among many.
Stashing cocaine in your graphics card is never a good idea, OP.
If you still have it, I would like As Tall As Lions, Decemberists 7", and TV on The Radio 7"
I could probably come up with some better things reddit obsesses over.
Raj, because I'm into socially awkward Indian scientists.
I'm so torqued right now 
You cheeky little bandicoot! That doesn't sound like something I'd enjoy at all. 
It shouldn't be very expensive to get a new carrier. Maybe $100? Hell, a whole open 1.8L differential can be had with axles and driveshaft for $200. If it's a torsen, just swap carriers.
Sucks you got rear ended though... That's a shame.
i was half asleep
I'm right there with ya buddy.
It sickens me that if these companies had a choice between improving a certain product or improving the efficiency of their advertisement, they would choose the latter 100% of the time without improving the product at all.
It's even worse that these companies would go out of there way to eradicate any consumer-education type programs because it would obviously be against their interests. And big pockets are able to shut any mouth up.
What a soul crushing cunt
Context:
lets just say she ended it with this - "I lied. I dont have feelings for you. I dont love you and I never will. Now stop talking to me, its annoying"
Honestly? We would be annoyed if you couldn't figure out for yourself at least what half-price or 50% off would be. Even people who are horrible at math (myself included) can generally grasp what half of a number is, the 2x multiplication table being the first one you learn at age 9 or thereabouts.
All the other percentages, I don't mind if you ask. But I do expect a functioning adult to be able to know, already, what half of a number would be.
I've been once too Honduras for two weeks on a mission trip. Beautiful country. Didn't see any cars even close to a mustang though!
I prefer having trading windows that the Kalamazoo one has, mostly because the service at bars in that town is anything but prompt...
Such majestic creatures. Great picture!
We should waterboard it out of him. 
It's like the Virginia earthquake all over again!
I only ever do the 10 extractor trick when I screw up and accidentally make a drone on 9. 
I've noticed gold get reduced incrimentally while looting sometimes while the game is calculated; I'm sure that is also split up and tied to mobs.
[Altered Carbon by Richard K Morgan](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Altered_Carbon). It's a pretty exciting crime thriller set in the future where people's consciousness can be downloaded into other bodies and, if you're wealthy enough, live forever. 
The technology is really cool and thought provoking, there's a healthy dose of futuristic sex and the story is gripping. You should really check it out!
Fuck, why did I not listen to Ravens fans who said he sucked donkeydick?
you need some better porn sites
You didn't taste it before them, just in case?
Moar pictures per second! [Femto-photography!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_9vd4HWlVA)
AAAH! No :( Nope nope NOPE! Did it grow back? :(
Haha thanks man. I kinda just ran with it. :)
I think I'd rather go ET, but from my understanding, it'll be luck of the draw and I won't actually get to pick between the two.
Is everyone on here insane? Hair removal cream anyone? Why do you want  sharp objects next to your penis? 
Ever thought that this persons kids may have almost been attacked by said wolves? All it takes is a rogue attack or feint attack to start this.
I'd the wolves are getting testy with humans in an aggressive way then it's more warranted  
GOP IS THE MISTAKE, Romney just parrots your talking points.
The scene in Cast Away where Wilson floats away still makes me tear up
I mean *at any price*.  Silver at usd1m will be hoarded by the few rich--there will be very low money velocity.  Btc will still be selling to people who want to send money some place far.
It's okay, but it sets you back 800 gold from the items you REALLY need. Just save 150 and grab two DBlades. You get 160HP, 20 DMG, and 6% lifesteal. A lot better than some HP regen, mana regen, and GP5, in my opinion. Just conserve your mana better in the early game, and you won't have to worry about it when you get to about level 7.
> Not just happy, they didn't know how they used to function in Outlook.
er, how they used to function with 100x the functionality of gmail?
Ugly may have not been the best choice of words.  They look like they should look when an airplane is designed around a fucking cannon.  They made it aerodynamic, yet not graceful; functional, yet not glamorous.
...he got hurt A LOT.
GO NOBODY! FUCK ALL OF YOU! TIES ALL AROUND!
A guided expedition runs 40-60k. Not including travel, gear, and prep work. So step one is amass 100k. 
You also need to be thinking about bagging 3-4 other major peaks before Everest. The good news is that they should only cost 25-40k each. 
I used to share the dream of climbing Everest until I realized that it's the playground of the mega rich. It's not about being a bad-ass as much as its about paying Sherpa to drag you rich ass up there.
Yeah, that really is terrible design. It's possible to get the target to the corner by guessing at random at the exact same time as the targets light up.
Fitzpatrick is no Vick. Not even close.
I picked up LaFell instead of him this week. LaFell for 0, and Hartline for 39. FML.
Buy another one, return this one and get refund.
Okay, okay. But whatever Love damage it does do is increased by 50%. That's still better than nothing.
I would LOVE to see Leenock make it through. I think his series vs. Taeja is going to be fucking awesome. So excited!
I liked this video so much, I went and found [the first one in the series](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDB8k5PjeGo&feature=colike).  It was great, too.  Keep it up, for sure.
Definitely try posting these to /r/geek and other related subreddits.  Be careful not to make the title sound too needy; the quality of your content speaks for itself.
Keep at it, man.
Classic case of dickfear. 
TDKR. Black guy gets his kicked in the face.
Aha. Good one Post Cerial Marketeer.
Hummer = raging douchebag 
One of my best friends reads walkthroughs on games as he plays them. Of corse not to take away from his gaming skills he's the best person I personally know.
incredible! The expressions were flawless.
Mint chocolate chip ice cream and pumpkin cookies with some lemon ice tea.
Never had much faith in the Chiefs.  And a big lol at the Bills-Patriots game.
If you are looking to be home every night your job search narrows a bit. If you have the cash and time to do it, getting your Class 3 with air endorsement isn't a bad idea. Many females out here drive gravel and water truck. 
It does refer to Halifax.  As a former employee of propeller... draught was used there, too.
wtf... I swear the colors were okay when this was first uploaded 
Tesla Roadster or Model S = badass
No idea, never really delved into this conundrum myself.
I'm talking about mech in HotS, why the hell are you talking about bioball, are you stupid? Some people on reddit should really stop posting that kind of useless stuff.
LeSean McCoy is so pretty
VT fan and falcons fan?
I don't know what you mean by convergenge with C#, F# is an expression based language, C# is't and never will be, also F# and OCaml are already used as a main language in some projects and there is no need to use Lua for coroutines when F# has computation expressions that can express them and much more.
only band i was ever in was named parkway car stereo. My friends band is called floodwire
Guess confirmed:
* winner **/u/WolverineWithRabies gets [+6](http://www.reddit.com/r/GuessTheMovie/comments/zbawt/guessthemovie_scoreboard_for_week_of_9312/c68z73p "green") point(s)**
* poster **/u/jamith87 gets [+3](http://www.reddit.com/r/GuessTheMovie/comments/zbawt/guessthemovie_scoreboard_for_week_of_9312/c6bonuw "blue") point(s)**.
See sidebar for more details. If anything is incorrect, please [contact the mods](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FGuessTheMovie&subject=Bot%20error)!
(*This was an automated message from a bot*)
Sheesh, I know most of you are lowlife virgins but fuck, get some standards reddit and don't eat this shit up.
Don't be talkin' shit dawg I'll fuck you up nigga holla holla get dolla
I also like what you have in your hand in this picture, lol.
still looking around and sharing stuff with people, see my comment above, its less people than that, but still lots of people.
Hey, I see you have a paper cut. You might want to get some headgear. It will fix that right up. 
I am in a relationship with someone else, for the last four years. Part of the reason we get along better is just personality - ours just meld better together. But better communication is important - being able to tell your partner "hey, when you do x, it makes me feel y. I know that's not your intent, so do you think you could try to avoid that in the future?"  We also talk openly about what we want from each other and have learned to read each other. I can see when my boyfriend is getting annoyed or angry and know to drop the subject until we are both calmer. If I feel myself getting upset, sometimes I say that I need to go be by myself for a little while, so I can calm down. Apologies for hurt feelings can do wonderful things after a disagreement. 
Throwing playing cards and gift cards. Both of which I have made people bleed with
Texts in this country are far too expensive and have a 160-character limit. I always try to get the most out of my credit, so oftentimes my friends will receive long, elaborately-worded messages just because I can't bring myself to waste those characters, even on those rare occasions where I have free texts!
John Lucas III makes them the best PG rotation in the L. Not just the first two PGs.
Just an FYI, but your link points to the 250 Ohm version which needs an amp. 
What type of performing arts? Was there an audition involved? If so, what'd it entail and what'd you do for it?
I don't like the fact that a freshly opened bag of original lays potato chips smells like a freshly opened bag of fart. 
and I don't care if I lose karma for that!
The DLC isn't there, where is Lair of the Shadow broker for Mass Effect 2 ?  Where is Overlord for Mass Effect 2 ?  Where is Arrival for Mass Effect 2 ?  Not to mention all the other bits of DLC such as the appearance packs.  The version of ME 2 they are selling in this trilogy is missing a huge chunk of DLC.  
Normally when I buy a boxed trilogy set I expect to get the full thing.  I don't expect to have to pay out even more money for content that has long since been paid for.
You are the weird chick.
But I wouldn't turn you down.
Step 1: Get off reddit... It can't help you... Although if you get good weather do an AMA while on top of it because that = Karma
Well we have time here. Please explain Romney's tax plan. Oh wait, you can't because it's never been explained.
C - Knowing how to program would be useful. Or Russian.
While they *are* increasing legendary droprates come 1.05, its effect won't manifest until some time has passed. If your hypothesis that shields will increase in value is true, then imo the window of opportunity will be from right before patch to right after it.
Where are all the fans? Stadium looks pretty empty.
"Dicks, I was talking about dicks."
Intro to powerpuff girls.
Ha. Ant made it to the top of reddit. Never thought I'd see that.
Snails are absolutely messy. How many do you have in what size tank? Also don't add any less than 3 oto's as they are schooling fish and will stress out if kept alone. They do have very little bioload, though.
Pencil on paper. Makes me cringe, furious and sad in random order. 
Who did the other guy have?
They sure have a lot of races through downtown Springfield.
That was actually the WCOOP Main Event.
At least the back button works as expected in most iOS apps... I continually have problems with the back button on android, sometimes it goes to where you expect, but often I'm left wondering 'how is that back?'
I think screenshots for games should be released as animated gifs nowadays. They would really bring things to life without needing to be full videos.
Imagine flipping through the tablet version of GameInformer with the characters actually in motion, but not full videos with audio running.
mostly, it was just "that's mean." most kids do have a conscience, and telling them that they're being mean is enough to trigger that. Kids want praise; praising them when they do something good is basically the same thing, but on the other side.
Well, there are a lot of fandubs, covers, flash animations, etc. of a bunch of manga/anime/games, so I don't see how it's too big a deal. It seems like there would be more people working on it than the average fandub, so it might be interesting.
But yeah, it's a fan animation; I don't expect much. If it's ever made, I'll wait for angry fans to complain here about it.
Lion King's on ABC fam. Just sayin'
I too had a band competition. Where was your competition? 
Woah looks like it's this guy who has the mcswag
>“I wanted to give up and just die,” James Dean Ingram told The Oklahoman. “Soon as I was out of the courtroom I collapsed and started to cry … never before have I wanted more to kill myself.”
I normally don't get this angry about situations where I don't know the details or motivations; I'm a firm believer in giving people the benefit of the doubt, and in mutual forbearance. But this reads far too clearly as deliberate insult and slur. I have a remarkable amount of patience in general. But I have zero patience for a 'journalist' who defaults to the level of bias and ignorance they profess to expose. So...
Fuck you, Eric Dolan, author of this 'article'. FUCK YOU. Fuck you for ratifying, perpetuating, and dignifying this bigoted judge's ignorance by using Angela's given name instead of her chosen and real name. You are part of the reason she wants to kill herself, and your cavalier obliviousness to the fact is appalling.
Personally I've seen in myself, a thinning.. slower growth, and not so pronounced 5 o'clock shadow.  though I'm not on a 'normal' regimine and XXY.
I really did not have any issues with any of the other contestants. I am not just trying to be diplomatic, I think the show search process was just so rigorous (about 100,000 submitted to be on the show and only a small percentage of those made it through the initial auditions and to vegas, etc.) that the people who got through to the auditions that I was on were genuinely very fun to be around and hang out with. Even though we were in a competition together, there was really no point in being mean to each other because the only thing we could control was doing our best in the performances and letting the judges and audience decide the rest.
She has given VERY vague references of some uncomfortable sexual situations with her last boyfriend, but she shys away whenever I bring it up. It is generally a skeleton in the closet topic. I want to talk to her about it so I can maybe figure out where these feelings are coming from, but she has stored it away. 
It's just a colloquial expression.
I love all your silly faces.
It was 2800$, I payed 1900$. (canadian dollars)
IAMA unsubscriber of IAMA, AMA 
sprint around calling out enemy positions to my teammates, when things get serious i use my small size to my advantage to sneak up behind a group of people and spray them down.
Came here to say the same thing. Have my upvote.
A lot of dudes I know don't. After my first sexual encounter ever I went to town on that shit with a razor and I haven't looked back. It really is like having a whole new johnson.
Protip though: get a separate razor, or at least use a different head. My ball beard tends to clog up the blades more than my face beard does.
I see what you did there  :)
If you don't hate philosophy after you've finished this you're doing something wrong.
You've completely failed to make yourself look like anything but a pathetic fanboy clinging to something you actually hate because you're letting hatred of a god damn video game define you.
Congrats on your opinion.
Apple sucks, Lady GaGa sucks, Bieber sucks, and those parent don't love their children, they're just spoiling them. And fuck you.
Look, we understand that not everyone's a Pond fan, but obviously plenty of us were and are sad about their departure and there's no need to be a dick about it.  You're not contributing anything to the discussion, you're just making an ass of yourself.
Asuran Thief:
http://i.imgur.com/gjX81.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/xKahN.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/EBISN.jpg
I was struggling with the different medium armors and dyes, but nothing really seems to work for me.
I'm so cautiously optimistic about him. With our quarterback luck I just know he is going to turn out to be a dud but its looking good so far!
What on earth are you lot on about?
Of course, colonialism was awful from a humanitary point of view. But if Africa had been comparably developed to Europe there would have been no colonialism. Heck they would have been the ones to cross the Mediterranean to colonize the other guys. Also, full fledged colonialism was really more of a 19th century thing to do, and more like in the second half of the 19th century at that.
Honestly it's a pretty shitty phone. Maps is one of the killer features. Computer/Internet in your pocket, handheld GPS, those are the core selling points.
By fucking up maps they just removed one of the biggest bullet points.
Where abouts in Laos is this joint located? The scenery looks unbelievable!
Alright, I'll be the first to actually put a story here.  I was 13 years old at the time, and was dating a 12 year old girl.   What happened was, we were hanging out at the park by my house, and we went back into the woods where the old train tracks were.  Now, beforehand, we had talked about this after she had asked me if I ever had my first kiss, obviously, I had not.  So she asked me if she could be my first, and of course I was excited and said yeah.  Fast forward again to the train tracks where I was standing there with her in my arms (she was VERY affectionate) I just kinda went in and did it.  That's the story.
Fuck Prince Charles. Fuck all the royals. 
The 9/10 overlord is slightly faster.
Hmm...  makes sense.  How do I go about doing...that?
For the record, Fringe is not on Netflix. 
Yeah, Percy Harvin isn't a Hall of Famer.
NO, 3 MINUTES HAD GONE BY IN THE FIRST AND HE DIDN'T EVEN HAVE A 60 YARD TD RUN. WTF
Adam is someone who posts on /g/ and this guy likes to make fun of because he thinks he's worse than him. 
why would you want to pick up girls in Spanish? they usually are just reffs
source-I live in south Miami areas. all reffs
I just thought this whole argument was a bit unnecessary...
These are some screen shots of Sarah's Adventure! We're planning on submitting a build to the Indie Game Festival in a few weeks!
♫ *In the jungle...* ♫
you could have opened the laptop and changed the thermal paste. You can you use toothpaste.
Same damn thing with APB.
I recently read that dogs are about as smart as 2 year olds.  They can count to 5, identify objects, etc.  They never develop beyond that of course, and so when harm comes to them, its hard not to sympathize along the lines of sympathizing for a child.  They're smart, but not quite smart enough to know what's happening to them.
For now you just have to set it in "my places" in google maps on your computer. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jon_Gruden#Tampa_Bay_Buccaneers
Read the first paragraph.  Not sure exactly how it works, but we got a shit-ton of draft picks for him and cash.
If you didn't know that's what happened, I wouldn't blame you for hating him.  Just know that most Raider fans are still Gruden fans and most of us want him back coaching the Raiders.
so good mid. your team will usually cry though...
You can correct them on the podcast.
Because it's awesome? Idk, I have a thing for beards. I want one sooooooo badly.
In my case, their passive aggressiveness would have backfired. I love that fake chocolate sauce shit.
Yes, I was actually joking there. 
You can find my actual opinion [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/miamidolphins/comments/10qg73/dolphins_are_13_but_so_what/).
I am starting to believe your theory, ours was Joe
Yes James, this subreddit is for server and server related talk not random polls completely unrelated to the server or mlp:fim.
Anyways, L.A.W. because RPG doesn't always work.
Wow, that's pretty cool.  Is he a psychologist?  
Shame I've still got 40k exp to grind in my M5 :(
aaaaaaand.... Nailed the landing!
My friend was in a play of Peter Pan and of all the scenes, I remember this one the best. Men went into a room and never came out after the "crow"'s Never thought of it to this extent though.
My friends are doing "Wants to be Envelope" right now.
Link to music: http://wantstobeenvelope.bandcamp.com/track/i-dropped-me-pint-fuck
The target would want to be zero because you would want an equal balance from both of the characteristics. For example, in the pretest that we took we had to measure the different characteristics of our habits. You would want to have the confidence to stand up to face something that is wrong but you would also want fear that will keep you from doing something to stupid. I also find it hard to think of what this mean is. I think one of the main reasons that it is so hard to imagine this is because no one is like this. No one is equal parts confidence and fear. This makes it hard to imagine it because you have nothing to base it off of.
looks like it's mainly about getting the initial acceleration to aid the rest of the lift.
As someone who had to enlist for 6, I hate you
No one in laser wears a drysuit, it's too impractical because you can't be as agile in the laser. I'm not sailing in below freezing conditions!
I agree. People believe he's a game changer in the return game so trade him for someone cheaper or more useful. We've shown other player can be just as successful as of late. 
He's taking up a spot on the roster.
I was up in Houghton this weekend.  So gorgeous! 
Thanks. This makes it much more clear.
that you can hit on hot chicks without feeling like a dick. 
Yeah I am usually just too excited to take the picture to bother with cleanup LOL!
Oh, memories! <3 I almost played this song for a classmate's performance. A dick of a classmate dissuaded her from doing it, saying that "no one can play this song well on stage! It's too difficult!" But I still love this song. :)
I actually have a soft spot for old people on the internet. My dad emails me sometimes with poor spelling and hilariously misconstructed sentences and it always triggers something in me, for reasons I can't explain. I was obviously not planning on crying but I definitely found it a little upsetting, even though I know it's fake. I dunno, that's just me.
I as well. I was taught centre is preferred but that consistency is the most important thing. Using both blows my mind. 
They have these everywhere. Not quite unique.
You, sir, are an ass.
I've been thinking about suggesting that, and now I think I will. Thank you. 
The concept sounds interesting, but an article on paintings without any pictures feels a bit odd.
Benjamin Franklin. That dude could party!
How the fuck is this a facepalm? --> /r/facebookwins 
Long as you go nice and slow and check often to see where it's binding before you grind more, you end up with a good damn fit, though. Probably could have left the screw out and it still wouldn't have gone anywhere. Only needed to grind the stock and the lower handguard, and it's extremely obvious where you need to grind the lower handguard. I think I had to do just about every internal surface on the stock. Grip and upper handguard fit just fine, though the factory screw that comes with the MAK-90 isn't long enough, so I had to go order one from Tapco to finish it.
Actually had the furniture for a while now, but I took it out today and noticed it shooting to the left, consistently, for both me and my dad. Had the sight leaf sitting in the safe for a year now, figured it was high time to finish it.
***Edit:*** Changed "stock" to "factory" where appropriate.
See, I felt Sirius's death came out of left field, whereas I felt Dumbledore was coming. I bawled like a baby when Sirius died.
You're not washing your hands to keep *yourself* from getting sick. Your poo/pee can't hurt you.  You wash to protect others who come into contact with you, or things you may touch with your poo hands.
uh, not to sound like a total dick, but kobe looks like he's mentally retarded. i can't help but think, "DURRRRR" when i look at his face. lebron looks ok. 
I was trained never to use the phrase "clinical correlation recommended", my mentor said its insulting to the ordering physican, as if they didn't do that already.  Instead, offer useful recommendations such as correlation with elevated xyz lab value would favor diagnosis A versus diagnosis B.  Offering booklength differentials is also not helpful, but in many cases, thats all you can do, ex: temporal lobe brain mass..could represent ganglioglioma, DNET, PXA, mets
UPDATE: The police called and said one of the bikes was stolen out of a person's garage. It was worth over $1000. It was returned!
That is a really impressive specimen. Do you know where it came from, or anything else about it?
 No, I follow.  I wasn't really zoomed on her so i'd have probably asked the same question.
Because thats how we get shit done.
Still not like MX Blacks, just put that out of your head.
I completely agree, selling a house in that market is unacceptable!
Why does this happen?
Apologizes for the ending people, we are unable to access Dueling Network at this present time and so the finals are going to be postponed until tomorrow (hopefully).
I would like to thank Argor42 for hosting this tournament: http://www.reddit.com/r/yugioh/comments/10juww/ryugiohs_second_archetypespecific_tournament/
Again we are sorry we couldn't provide a better ending, but internet issues have stopped our internet from accessing DN.
Anyway thank you for tuning in and we hope you enjoyed the games we played :)
Why handrails? The people wheeling up them won't need them.
Hard to say. I've never had Boba's taste bad, or need to steep. It could've been the atomizer, CE2 or carto that you had it in before. You also might be getting your taste buds back after not smoking.
Google "collective action problem," "tragedy of the commons," and "tyranny of the majority."
Creek! My grandmother is (nearly) full blooded Native, but doesn't speak any of the language.  Would be nice to have that connection to my heritage.
"Naysa?"
"Yeah, space dicks, maybe ya heard of 'em?"
I can't wait for Eli Manning to throw 3 interceptions, but get 500 yards in the 4th quarter to come back and win it. 
I probably would have done this too, save for the lone fact that as a child my wrists were very skinny, and the livestrong bracelet would always fall off.
Trim don't shave, it is the biggest mistake you will ever make.
>Private/charter schools do a better job than public in general
Sampling bias.  Restricted access public schools do better too.
>FedEx and UPS
Neither deliver letters and small packages as cheaply to as many addresses as the USPS.
It makes your junk _feel_ bigger too, when the lower end of every downstroke doesn't land on a cushon of fur.
Yes he will be my first and only child. At my age it was amazing this even happened!
I really like the pace of Diablo 1. Totally different feel.
The pictures don't work for me, but the way the OP described it, I immediately thought of the valve cover gasket. This is a really common leak, and it's definitely describable as "where the top of the engine bolts onto the middle of the engine".
Edit: I checked again and imgur is back. Definitely your VCG.
omg wearing glasses, must be a nerd
Either spend money on winter clothes or spend money on a trainer, it's your choice. 
You should crosspost to /r/CompetitionShooting for extra imaginary internet points.
Jimmy Tatro your a Total Bro, and should join the Workaholics Cast as Adam Devine's Older brother. Yeah?
Hahaha, don't worry about it, i'd suggest buying everything you have on that list, but ONE 4GB stick (1x4GB) and just buying another one when the funds apply. You won't be able to utilize dual memory right off the bat, but when you get that other stick, you'll be golden. 
She looked a bit nervous.
When I was looking at law schools, I took some campus visits. Then I did the same for grad schools. Then, it was just something fun my wife and I did on road trips. I've got a pretty nice college t-shirt collection now.
Why not? Cats are born to be outdoors. If they weren't created to be outdoors then they wouldn't exist because the world IS outdoors.
Only a very limited number of species are designed to live indoors (underground) and most of them are blind due to evolving in an environment of absolute darkness.
If you were willing to give up on y that easy you don't deserve him!  Jut move on... He is way better off and will find better.  Maybe you caused the depression 
Is it pronounced ,"WO! YAO. JIAO,ZI?"
At $30 a pop not a surprise. Though I wonder exactly how much content this game is going to have. $30 for starting alpha funding is pretty high.
The Forbidden X bands I like the best
Throw him some bricks!
I'm actually shocked at how made Legedu Naanee is. It's embarressing.
We had eleven receivers coming into training camp, why did we not keep around one of the young receivers? Naanee looked like shit in the preseason and he looks like road killed shit now.
Yes, road killed shit.
One of the reasons I downgraded my iPhone 4 back to 5.1.1. The App Store isn't so bad on the iPad, though, so I kept it on iOS 6.
Well no shit they don't magically stop armies invading but if we had had no army, no one would have stopped them and we could very well likely be a territory of Japan right now.
How do you purpose on maintaining a sovereign nation with no army to defend from invaders?
I had a moment of "Oh wow, i was so creepy having a crush on a child like that" but then i realized that at the time, i was a child too, so it didn't really count as creepy.
just good taste from a young age.
That is the problem with so many vintage horns, they just aren't in the shape they should be in.  
Sri Lanka 1983 black july,  sinhalese buddhists burnt out 18000 tamil hindu homes and businesses in a weekend. 
It makes much more sense to say a signal, rather than a voltage, is going into the circuit. But yes, almost always in electronics voltage refers to the voltage difference between two points. So Vin refers to the voltage difference between the wires. If the voltage on top is higher, then Vin will be positive, and if the voltage on the bottom is higher, then Vin will be negative. 
In this case, the two terminals on the lefthand side would probably be connected to something (maybe a measuring device, for example) and the righthand side would be a transformed voltage (because oftentimes the untransformed voltage will have a lot of noisy stuff in it that you're not interested in) that will change every time Vin changes. If you're really interested in how this circuit acts as a frequency filter, you'll have to learn a little bit about [Fourier analysis](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fourier_analysis) to see how several different frequencies can all be present in a single signal.
Nope, it's fine with 2.0
I can see why maybe you are put off by the trailer (even though everybody is saying you are wrong) but why is this bad CGI?
I've seen much much worse cgi on much much more expensive films.
Train your dog better. Before it rapes a toddler.
With how big Steam is now the odds of a first support response **not** being computer-generated I'd imagine is pretty high.
Sadly, there is a [Source](http://www.theblaze.com/stories/white-privilege-portland-principal-claims-pbj-sandwiches-could-hold-racist-connotations/)
The TL;DR: This principal believes PB&J shouldn't be referenced in classrooms because non-American students might not understand the sandwich reference and feel left out. 
I think we can all rest easy knowing that this is clearly the final step to cure racism.....
Don't be niggardly with your vocabulary. It isn't very cromulent or embiggenning.
Aw ;-; What do they use? IE?
I picked the EK because I ultimately like the look of it better than the Raystorm, when I did my research I found that as you have also found that the EK is not as good as some other ones, though it is by no means terrible (as far as I found) also the difference amongst the top performers is not much greater that 1 or 2 degrees, so I chose the one that I liked the look of more.
Thanks for the info on the thermal compound.
Regarding the pumps, I haven't looked into the mcp35x yet, but when I briefly tried to look into the pmp500 i couldn't find any info on it past random forum mentions and the Koolance website, no actual reviews, if you know of one do tell! Thanks!
I'd stop capturing zombies for my experiments. That'd probably prolong my life as Robert Neville. 
Seit wann provoziert denn ein Individuum einen Staat? 
Das nennt man kritisieren...
Just wait until a bull tries to rape you.
Yeah I thought about that but I don't think a trade would make a lot of sense for them. I get the feeling this season is going to be a "if we suck, oh well" kind of approach. We have money tied up in guards already so it seems unwise to give up assets for an expiring contract PG
It was on drinking made easy like a year ago
Circle jerking kids? What is this, a Polanaki film?
BEST part of living in Salt Lake City!
He most likely got his full orange gear illegitimately.  I wouldn't lose a second of sleep over it, OP.
You have so many frenchies!
The first half hour of Charlie St. Cloud when the little boy dies kills me. Also, there's an episode of Glee called "On My Way" (the episode where Darren sings *Cough Syrup* that really hits home to me. I've watched it three times and cry every time.
I like this idea as well.
Also rollover protection? Get a roll bar up in that bitch!
I've got deus ex, is that worth max Payne to you?
So did she pack on the pounds, or lose the weight after everyone started paying attention to her?
Good advice, and I see all these "follow your dreams" motivations everywhere! But, honestly I am pretty sure the income of an engineer and a theater tech would be quite different.. Wouldn't it?
Really isn't that big of a deal.
Unless of course, you communicate with your team about the bait. 
mine would only live about 10 minutes.
What are you attending for?  As a student/professional/faculty?
Well yes, I figure this. But you *implied* your "let's have coffee" pickup line was the factor that would suggest a different sexuality.
The Beer Exchange in Kalamazoo, MI operates the same way
I wore my clothes backwards for a month or so to school every day. Kris Kross style (daddy mack will make ya jump jump)...
Right, because California voted to make gay marriage legal. Their morals are so ahead of the rest of the nation.
Obviously you didn't understand when I said "at the point where I am taking someone else's freedom, it's no longer a question of my moral opinions." Rape is clearly an infringement on the victim's rights as she/he is being forced to do something against their will. 
As for the Power Bands, no one is forcing anyone to buy them. It's up to the individual to use common sense and do a little research before making an intelligent decision on whether they want to spend their money on it (and there are laws regulating claims that products can make). Not every person who buys Power Bands will feel cheated. Some people will be happy they bought it and feel it is truly beneficial. Even if that is just a placebo effect, who are we to say the bands should be illegal if there is demand for them? If no one wants them, they would go out of business naturally on their own.
I respect your opinions; I just don't happen to agree with you.
Ed Hochuli - "The" University of Biceps
when I come back... from... *shiver* /b/.... I wont be the same person. I will be a cold shell of my former self.
im in the heart of chicago, plenty of fixed gear riders out here.
Look at all celebrities ever, what is one thing you notice? If you are unaware humans respond to attractive people without even thinking about it. You yourself are guilty of this as well so don't even act like you are superior. Even straight men will treat an attractive man better than they treat an average or ugly one. It is in our DNA, so unless you are an alien you have no argument here. 
&nbsp;
All those kids you speak of are easily a joke when compared to people even better. Show those kids be famous or the endless list of people that would be superior than they are? You have no argument, he has talent, far more than many other people and I wouldn't be surprised if he has more than you. Do you play two instruments proficiently? Before you say you do, you are going to need proof. So don't just spout off some dumb shit because I am well aware anyone can say anything on the internet.
I think the reason Froggen gets Warmogs on Anivia is because of the synergy it has with her egg, late game she gets free armour and MR, and the extra health increases the tankiness of her egg.
Words do not express the jealousy 
Wouldn't it be "more harshly" and not "harsher"?
Truthfully? I thought that if we played .500 ball, we stood a chance at the second WC
Gladly.
For hours.
Promise to lean in eventually and kiss me.
Hi, I wrote a formal lab report pertaining to acid-base titrations last semester. 
I am assuming that you titrated bases into acids, right? Operating under this assumption, then yes, the colors change because the acid is being neutralized by the base. 
I'm not too sure what you mean by whether or not this neutralization is an equilibrium or and endpoint, but just thinking about it, I would say it's an endpoint. There is no way for you to tell that the acid-base ratio in your flask is *exactly* equal, because you have to take into account the margin of error that is the amount of base that escapes from the tip of the rod that holds your base. 
Hope this helps! I think there is a chemistry hw subreddit also, if you're interested in asking them too.
>Shining Force II
Well, there goes my night. 
*Starts downloading emulator*
yeah, but a free game won't kill you.
PsychoDuck pretty much dominates that sub. He's a crazy one, definitely.
Great minds, and all!
Yes, my balls feel so silky smooth after a shave and girls really will be more exploratory without a bunch of hair in their face.
I never understood why people are scared of taking a razor to their nether regions but will take an electric clipper or trimmer down there. You don't trust your self with a straight blade but you'll be willing to chance getting pinched by moving parts? Fuck that.
I don't know what this means.
Yes it is terrible, but I only say that because I am not considered hot, and am seething with jealousy :P 
play for fun not for elo
[CafeHayek](http://cafehayek.com/) is written by Don Boudreaux, a libertarian economics professor at George Mason University. 
My grandpa also served (but one of his legs was shorter than the other, so he just became a drill sergeant). He's 91. He was recently in the hospital and kept bugging the nurses for medical marijuana.
art page? I saw about 1.5 arts
> Where did you see me advocate for waterboarding and prison rape?
I didn't. I saw you claiming that prison rape and all that either doesn't happen or isn't harmful. See the bit I quoted.
Hey OP,
I've tried most of the recreational drugs available and never found any to be particularly addictive.  It was more 'hey this is enjoyable' but I can't do drugs tonight because I am hanging out with my friends or have to do some work for an early meeting tomorrow.  Opioids are the more dangerous exception as they don't inhibit you anyway but I digress.
Anyways having smoked a few cigarettes here and there over the years I always wondered how people get addicted to something so relatively boring and so damaging.  While in France for a month I decided to smoke at the cafes and such just while I was there to absorb the culture and see what tobacco was all about.  The rush was mildly enjoyable and the social aspect was pretty damn awesome.
Upon returning home I can guarantee that if it weren't for the complete change of scenery and absolute turn about in attitude and lifestyle, I would still be smoking today.  The urge to smoke was incredible.  It's not overly strong or debilitating but just constantly there nagging away.  Finally giving in (I had a few fags left over in my luggage) merely provided relief.  Sweet sweet relief but nothing particularly enjoyable other than it got my mind off of it for a few hours.
Nicotine has got to be one of the most powerful, and now to me one of the most interesting drugs out there.  Smoking is like scratching a mosquito bite even though you know that it'll just be even more itchy later on, just so you get to scratch it again.
I'm certainly glad I had this experience, but it is definitely not for everyone.  I suppose I don't really have any advice for you and just want to ensure you are informed.  Remember that nobody has ever chosen to become addicted to anything.  Every single person went in thinking they could get out.  Don't think of taking drugs as a test of your will power, but as a purely random role of the dice.
Sorry, didn't see one so just throught i'd throw it up there.
Also criminal. That's a violation of their tax-exempt status.
Sorry for the late reply, but it is a little on rare side that I come across male neko. I've probably only posted a couple for the entire duration of the sub.
I may seek it out a little more exclusively.
edit: I thought I also had replied. But apparently I didn't.
Ignorance my ass.  He's a fuckin judge.  He knows better.  He chooses to do otherwise.
I will only thank a Pennsylvanian for giving us Wawa. Otherwise, get out of the left lane if you're going to do anything under 75.
i hear this about the steelers fans
You have met any reasonable objection by retorting an ad hominem or dismissing it altogether.
The planet of get it done and stop whining. I have hitchiked thousands of km for work and eaten cast off produce from dumpsters. I have no pride, and even less sympathy.
With Basketball, I don't have a hometown team and so to get interested at all in it, I picked a team.  I picked OKC to get into it.  Mainly because I love Kevin Durant.  I did this 3 years ago and have loved it since.  And I understand about being born a fan, the rest of the teams I bleed for, i've been a fan all my life.
Fuckin' The L Word... I haven't watched that show in a long time. Gave me too many feelings. It was a fantastic show. I don't care if you had a problem with lesbians (lol) because the storyline was decent and you grew attached to the characters. Dana dying broke my heart. I died with her. Just dropped right damn dead.
I watch Awkward with my mom, which is a really stupid MTV show that's a little more entertaining than Teen Wolf, which sucks. Weeds is really good. Buffy was a good one, too. If you ever have time go back in television history and see if you can find Ally McBeal. I remember loving that show.
It would depend on whether he's just calling those raises or re-raising you. After just a call on the flop, you can assume he's got a king or a pocket pair - either way he's way behind, so betting huge on the turn would be playing it correctly. However, it definitely would be a warning sign when the guy goes all in after the river.
It's not annoying he's annoying. 
Yes, everyone please check it out^
Exactly.  Watch after season 4 and before season 5.
Want to know what you should do at 24 years old? Have a sit-down with her, and discuss what issues you're having. Don't let trust destroy your relationship, find out what's truly going on before jumping to conclusions. 
Want honestly? All three options point out you're emotionally immature. Be better. Handle this like an adult, have that discussion with her and then decide whether you can trust her or not.
If you think cats are assholes...
...then you probably take a lot of damage during anal sex.
so how long before eagle fans boo's there horrible offense?
When i was 2, when 9 11 happened, i used my toys to build towers and destroy it with my favorite toy plane. I was a little terrorist, and yes, i am 13
You have no idea how jealous I am, like, no idea.
They had to leave aside 100K. (It's the WCOOP Main Event.)
For 1), minor nitpick: what if b>d and a>c?
For 3), [here's](http://mathoverflow.net/questions/8846/proofs-without-words) another intuitive explanation (scroll down to first answer).
If you want to make your proof of 3) more `formal', you can use [summation notation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Summation#Capital-sigma_notation) or [mathematical induction](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathematical_induction).
This is sort of how I feel. I really really regret it. I don't want to ruin anyone's life however, I know that the decision to have sex with them would not have been made had I not been drinking. 
Realistically though, I don't know anyone that when sober would let multiple people fuck them in the bushes.  
He was civil during the date - but the way be behaved afterward is definitely not my idea of civil.
Also agree with the rest of what you just said.
How can somebody move at supersonic speed when the terminal velocity for a human is about 125mph. 
The guy in the chair is doing a serious pee-pee dance.
I'm musically challenged, but my boyfriend's high school band was called "Playground Tactics".
And this isn't even my final form.
Here is what i do:
If you are runing windows, and you are conected to the same network than your nexus, you can share files from your computer, [here is a tutorial for this](http://www.home-network-help.com/file-sharing-in-windows-7.html),  i use in the nexus [Es File explorer](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pop) to acces to the shared files, you go to the top laft corner in the app, it says 'local', will display a list, then choose LAN (or only swipe left/right until you see it), if only your computer is connected to the network then choose the only one there,( if not, im not shure if it shows the name of the computers) because for me shows only the ip address), at this point will ask for a user name and a password, you use the exact same as in your computer, and will show the folder you set to share, the best part is that not only can stream videos you can share whatever you want and to any device, i know it's a long procedure but once your are set up is worth it. BTW also use [MX Player](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mxtech.videoplayer.ad) to play videos on my nexus 7, doesn't need to conver anything it plays practicaly any video you give (mkv, avi, mp4, webm... etc) and support subtitles. Hope it works.
Sorry of ot' too long but i think is the bet way at least for me.
And sorry if is not well written english is not my language.
I've always imagined it to be like the greasiest imaginable deep-fried turducken with none of the heartburn.
Why do you look like a giant teddy bear? 
They don't award the Nobel posthumously :/
I know how you feel. I'm pretty bored too, but you've spent much more time there than I have
This is the best idea I have ever heard for BF3. How odd and out of place would it be whipping that out and instead of performing a knife takedown you stick it up his *** and go NINJA STAB MOTHER*******!
I love SR3.
3 states is too many.  I think it'd work better if they broke it apart so that southern CA was a new state, but combined with the southern part of NV (w/ Las Vegas), and central/northern CA was a new state, and the northernmost part of CA (which tried to secede once, and wanted to call itself "Jefferson") should be combined with Oregon.
It's really nice that you can declare the motorcycle operator an idiot without knowing any of the circumstances behind the accident.
Didn't we beat you with our backup? Wasn't hat backup Vince Young? 
You definitely don't want Foles.
He is, but i prefer odahviing anyday of the week, i cant exactly summon paarthurnax to help me kill an army of forsworn, the main reason i killed him was because i dont particularly like him or the greybeards, and if it werent for the blades, i never wouldve known of dragonrend... And i wouldve gotten fucked when i fought alduin
**If** it hits that. Personally I would rather bet on it never even reaching 20.
Louie CK has a great bit about that
OMG MITT ROMNEY IS A TERRIBLE CORPORATION.
He used to train in Stratford i think.
I was expecting something more subtle, like the colors being reverse.
you bet your sweet fanny!
About 205... But I really only actively browse 10 of them.
If I don't pay taxes the government sends a squad of armed goons to my house to lock me away in a cage.
If I don't pay tithe the church just guilt trips me.
I think it's obvious which one is more coercive.
Why the downvotes? It is without a doubt a bigoted word as it is a negative reference to Romani (Gypsies). Would any of you ents write that someone "jewed" you out of money or that you had "nigger rigged" a bong or that your dealer was acting like a "fag"?
Trippy, I'd take it to the apple store, defintiely seems like something that would be covered by warranty they might be nice even if it is expired...
Try putting a few cloves of garlic in with your potatoes as they boil, they mash down beautifully with the potatoes and the taste is more forgiving than "poaching"! :p
war crimes of the last admin have nothing to do with the 2008 or 2012 elections.  Bush didn't run in either of them.  If you were talking about 2004 I might agree with you.
Drink everytime you hear something about Peyton Manning or Vick's injuries. Oh, or Jackson's attitude. 
Head injuries, comparable to other injuries including broken arms and legs, are significantly worse.  A broken arm will likely just be that and will heal. A head injury is likely to have catastrophic and irreparable damage.  I know of guys who have come off motorbikes with almost every bone broken in the bodies, but the helmet protected their heads and they pretty much made a full recovery.  I also know of guys who have fallen down a short flight of stairs, hit their head and died.  A helmet *could* also help protect your neck from being broken in that it adds bulk to the skull which limits the more extreme range of motion in your neck.
And you're right:  Why not wear more protective gear?  If you can, you should, but if you don't want to at *least* wear a helmet.
Song: [You're Not Alone - Saosin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tj0PtMZaWss).
As far as movies go, recently [Prayer's for Bobby](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZT9b9xp2DU&t=38m7s). I can't ever watch that scene with out tearing up. I know that feel Bobby is feeling there so much.
This will be the last 'Google event' @Alamo DraftHouse in Austin - hosted by www.FindMyCompany.com before building explodes. There will be a new building for the shopping center in 2013 but looking forward to the new center.  Find My Company will most more info on their upcoming seminar on Dec 6th - at http://findmycompany.com/category/seminars (At the South Austin Lamar location - Alamo Drafthouse)
And both are equally as shallow in terms of content as FTL. That's exactly my point. We can't expect that much content from a $9 indie game.
I feel that the Reds and Blues make up some sort of training simulation for real world special forces to train and act out scenarios.
I'm perusing these while my girlfriend is making dinner. I feel bad :-(
You have to consider the terrain. If you have clear flat terrain, sure, you could probably move pretty quick.
Take some hills, add dense forest, high temperatures and all of a sudden those 10km seem way longer than before.
I have those same placemats. 
Haha, this is exactly my take away from the album.  I think the lyrics are just incredibly self-absorbed and narcissistic.  It makes me think that Keene is probably an asshole.
Light Boxes because it's short and beautiful. Ishmael because it will make you see the world in a different way.
he had 110 total yards in week 1 too.  
I do my nails like that too because I hate cleanup. My mom and my friends love watching me do my nails for this reason. =P
Wide brushes (like Opi's and Spoiled) are better for the no-cleanup technique. Thin brushed like Essie's are horrible.
Jail isn't to just lock up violent people. Its meant to be a deterrence and a reason not to commit crime. 
>Source?
My rhetoric. But if copyright law was applied strictly damn near every image or video violates copyright. 
>Mine too, but cops don't search your MP3 player.
They can if they want to fuck you badly enough but lack a valid reason.
>There's a difference between "getting a bill in the mail" breaking the law, and "fearing for your life daily" breaking the law.
It would merely take a cop planting cocaine in my car for me to be thrown in a rape cage for decades. It would only take a clerical error to have cops busting down my door without warning, shooting my dog, and ransacking my house. There is very real reason to fear the police. 
>Not the cops fault. Don't bring your drugs outside of the home if you're so scared of cops. You are SUPPOSED to be scared, that's the POINT of the cops in your case.
And I'm supposed to be on the side of these people that would enforce such an unjust law? It's only consistent of me to want to defund or disband the police force.
>Alright, Aurora, CO. If you were in the theatre I'm sure you'd want a cop.
I'd prefer to have a gun. Where were the cops that night? They were writing speeding tickets and harassing potheads. And what happens when they [do](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/08/25/empire-state-building-shooting-nypd-bullets-shot-all-nine_n_1830007.html) show up? I'm more likely to be shot by them than by the gunman.
Gotta have z surf with my turf
Thank God we don't develop memories until after the breastfeeding stage...   *shudder*
Well, he came down from heaven and not up from Earth right, so he must have landed. 
they'll never be the same
Grand Theft Auto VII: Krypton
As another 5' 2" woman, looking to lose fat, gain muscle and over-all get fit, your pictures and story are very inspirational. Thank you for posting!
Yankee fans or Twins fan? (I think that's the YES Network in the background?)
Regardless of team, cute dog. Though I am a Red Sox fan, but I don't hold team preferences against anybody. 
This story does not have anything to do with those, however I never did claim they were connected. I just said that this story opens the door to that kind of thinking. For me, at least. 
Quantum mechanics and the multiverse theory cannot be mathematically proven, however. Quantum mechanics has been equated to the sentence "X is a four-sided triangle that exists outside of space and time, cannot be seen or measured and it actively hates blue spheres". It is not visible, nor quantifiable.
But the point is to not get in an argument with you, dear internet stranger. I apologize for calling you a bad person, however I can only go by what I've seen. I didn't think that vehement of an attack against me or this story was warranted, especially when so many people found great meaning in it. Even if you or I do not think that the meaning they found was viable, it was meaning enough for them to change their way of thinking, and that's what counts.
EDIT: This story, while it does mention God, is not about God to me. It is more than that. It is about  humanity, love, and compassion. As I mentioned before, I am an Atheist. When I first read the story, I got a pang of contempt when I saw the part about the narrator being God. However, when I continued reading, the story became much, much more than one simply about religion.
It just says it's by Two Steps from Hell, if you search them on youtube they have a lot of sweeping orchestral music like that.
Haha, it was once changed from a misc to a hat, then back again.
Medicaid will pay for therapy. Or at least, it does where I live, and it shouldn't be any different for you. It's hard growing up without a parent, and I know that's where some of my problems have sprung from. I was in therapy with a very nice counselor who was helping me with those problems. (Unfortunately I ran out of Medicaid, and though she would probably help me for free, if anyone finds out she could lose her license, so I just didn't risk it.) 
I've got a new therapist now and I'm just getting to know her, so I don't quite trust her yet, but hopefully I will. Once you don't have Medicaid anymore, if you can't afford insurance, I'm sure there are sliding scale offices like the one I go to. Because I don't have a job and thus make nothing, I only have to pay $5 per session. While it's hard to pay that when you're not making anything, it's still better than the usual cost per session--$60-$100. The place I go to will ask if I'd like to pay anything on my account, but if I tell them I don't have any money at the time, they say that it's okay and I just take my seat and wait. 
Things like this have become a lot more... open in the past few years, so there's more help out there now than there was even a decade ago. 
That wouldn't be fair! :P
Though I am planning something fairly huge that I will be giving people notice about. 
It's fucked up is my point. I have to egg a car nearly every day for not respecting when I have right-of-way. I literally have to carry a carton of eggs around if I want to go someplace between 4 pm- 6 pm.
They had some interesting things to say. But i thought I'd hear what /r/Christianity had to say about the matter too. From my experience multiple perspectives can really help an individual understand a situation much better.
Came here to say this.  It actually has some of the cheapest prices on campus for stuff like great lakes and is a great place to watch games as it doesn't get overly crowded.
judging from the matching makeup and uniforms, I'm guessing it's some kind of dance or cheerleading group.
Sports Exchange. Heard it got shut down for allowing underage drinking though. I have never been to that place and not witnessed a fist fight.
Yesssss....let the hate flow through you
It looks to me like you just put a Bart doll on top of your dog while he was sleeping, and he just woke up. May your search for karma continue.
Or desperation for cash during the great depression
As a straight male, I approve this .gif
Good a time as any to bring up an old reddit classic.
"The bartender says, 'We don't serve your kind here.'"
"So a tachyon walks into a bar."
I meant Cundiff. He's a bad kicker, but I don't think any kicker is that bad. The only reason why we were even still in the game was because he couldn't hit his kicks earlier in the game.
Arbreton, Crowmure, the Hell Tree, Fort Erie (I think it was nerfed thought) and the Spire (also possibly nerfed) are the places I usually go to. There are a lot of places to go for good gear though.
got it, thanks lol
Quite the odd couple you got there.
I am first comment. Upvote me to the heavens!
DISCLAIMER: THIS IS ALL ANECDOTE
I'd like to comment on this. I have multiple friends in fraternities like this and there seem to be some common misconceptions:
1. Many have stopped fencing altogether.
2. Of those that do fence, I would say that only very few actively seek these scars. I only met one man who wanted one and he happened to be American. The scars are not any sign of social status. The way my friend described it it shows anyone in the know that you are one of two things: a) horrifically bad at fencing or b) a complete idiot with definite right-leaning political opinions (which is not okay in Germany).
3. Most groups that still practice do it as a form of ritual only and the intent is for nobody to get injured or disfigured. I met one older man who said he had had his ear split when he was at Uni. I couldn't tell which one.
4. It is no longer allowed to fight points of honor or personal challenges. All fights have to organized by the fraternity in concurrence with the opposing party. This is to prevent personal rivalries etc.
5. It has, quite simply, become ludicrously 'uncool' and difficult to be in this organizations. Most people will either scoff and stop talking to you or call you a Nazi. 
**TL;DR: These fraternities are rare and weird. Please don't think German males go around giving each other horrific scars. Especially that horse hair bollocks is unheard of since at least 60 years.**
Take my guitar, if I have it, and go preform a song I wrote but have been too shy to do live in front of a huge crowd. 
Come on, you have to at least appreciate the irony.
Season 2 Episode 9 "4 Days Out". 18 minutes, 16 seconds in. 
Dude, what you're saying about the climate is true. What you're saying about inconvenience is true. Hell you're kind of funny but... If someone want's a hot, tasty beverage on their ride, well, it's their ride. If you want to be hard, it's your ride. CTFD.
Well...that's not creepy at all. 
JB: ripped his pants and threw up on stage = crowning achievement.
Wut. Even the smartest person can figure out who is better between Teddy Roosevelt and the beaver.
What do I do if my finals are gonna conflict? Is there no way to reschedule?
Awesome. They were probably just jealous because you had a ThickerD than them.
It embarrasses him, yet he disowns it. This is the mentality of a person voting for a party, simply for the party. Any negative consequences of his vote are disavowed. 
Given that this same reply has been given 3 times now, I'll instead invite you to look at the other replies to it.  The short version is "Systems in place to support it, encouraged by the established powers, etc"  However, thank you for your contribution!
*edit:  Haha, THIS is the one that gets upvoted?  Not the ones with the discussions?  [Here ya go](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/10plka/bangladesh_muslim_protesters_torch_buddhist/c6fqkjk), [and the other](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/10plka/bangladesh_muslim_protesters_torch_buddhist/c6fp3q1).  :)  make sure to downvote those too!  The downvotes hurt me so!*
What kind of dog? Jack Russell?
"Ah! They put a sticker on this thing I was about to steal.  My plan has been foiled!"
Best German name ever.
Damn. You won the thread.
You're made of tissue paper, but you should be able to dodge shells fairly effectively.
It does sort of suck playing the game solo, occasionally you'll land in an outfits public squad which can be fun and a lot more organised. Although it can also lead you to facepalm at how people on comms can be so bad.
None. You're going to have to actually watch some footage. Good luck. 
But where does one draw the line so to speak. Where do you stop shaving? A skin bare trianglar patch around the groin surrounded by hairy  abdomen and upper thighs - that would look weird.  
I like that,....pretty much!!!!
Thank you
Awesome!  I used freshly ground habanero flakes the other day for the first time. I added them to a salsa and loooved the added kick.  
The the states they use corn syrup which I think is sweeter than sugar.  I've had Mexican coke which has real sugar and it's not nearly as sweet and tastes better.
[+6](http://www.reddit.com/r/GuessTheMovie/comments/10p1iy/gtm_padre/c6feims "green") ***for "[GTM] Padre" by jamith87***
OP is faggot unless he deliver.
Works with his boots.
It could also be the result of an infection.  Some infections will produce phenols.  Check your tubing and valves carefully before attempting another batch; you'd be surprised what can hide in those parts.
Did you treat your tap water before using it to mash with?  If not, that may be the reason.  Try measuring out the amount you need and letting it stand overnight in an uncovered pot.  Otherwise pre-boil or use campden tablets.
Does a bear shit in the woods?
I don't think we should interpret it as representing evolution AS WE KNOW IT, in a scientific sense. However, as a metaphor, its an interesting insight, and the avatars do reflect a kind of moral evolution, as the author points out. 
There a big difference between that and saying OH MY GAWD ANCIENT INDIAN SCHOLARS KNEW ABOUT EVOLUTION BEFORE DARWIN!
What the fuck are you talking about?  I was just saying Australia is an island.
Before you start talking about how 'modern society' has enhanced the standard of living of Koori peoples, I suggest you do at least five minutes research on the subject.
Now I really want to fire bend. Thanks for reminding me I'm not a bender :(
Also I mean there is not scienctific proof of God but then it is hard to understand what made the first thing. There is however the idea that if I.e: ____ created the universe therefore the universe could create it, kinda like a loophole
Nothing because I'm dead, fuckin' Quentin Tarantino.
IMO, tech vs. liberal arts comes down to individual personality and learning style.
I dont know because Los Angeles local broacast stop showing the game. Now my tv is showing Americas Funniest Videos, ironic. 
I assume I don't read it with cat, I am familiar with the linux cli and have learned a lot more, and I can still not find a command to read the file, do I have to do some other thing before I read it or can I read it now, just need to find the right command.
I've probably gotten sick due to the person who handled my food did not wash their hands or picked up something that fell on the floor and put it back on the plate.  
I wouldn't bother drafting a kicker, there are really tons of them out there. Remember last time Carpenter was injured, some random dude came in and we didn't miss a beat (or a field goal for that matter).
Naanee is horrible and doesn't deserve to be on this team.
The G-Spot. 
I'm seriously jealous.
ahahahahaha so glad I'm not the only one
Well, the people who buy crap like that would buy it anyway I think. Regretsy just helps them find it. 
So yeah, the real purpose of Regretsy is basically just "wtf look at this shit".
Come on now. Obviously it's not a physically real thing. But you know what the OP means.
When I first read that, I thought "Staking what? Claims? Vampires?". Then it occurred to me to keep reading :)
Yeah, that's definitely something to look into, thanks.
it isnt healthier? ha i thought that was one of the reasons people are so fond of it
The thing is, many people from my school know her (over 100 mutual Facebook friends) but I tend to keep away from as much drama as I can. 
do you have Google in Australia?
Canon, FTFY. Although, if cannon is an adjective to describe something great, then go for it. 
That is a really cool armor, what armor is it? And that face paint, is it part of the armor or is something else?
Om nom nom... So much beard. :)
Dang, TPA 30 Wins 2 Loss.
Minecraft. And where I paused there is a creeper staring at me, I'm fucked
That made me laugh way longer than it should have.
I came to this thread hoping for a comment like this. Thank you.
BS like this gets tons of upvotes while legitimate submissions that actually have substance get either no upvotes or downvotes. Makes perfect sense. Someone remind me why I'm still subscribed to r/trance?
Unfortunately, this is the only picture I got of him. Thank you for your time. 
I just snarfed my Coke. Hahaha. I can't stop laughing =) Thanks =)
LOL!  That's good advice.  I see so many comments that clearly contribute nothing (such as Dem Tits!  Dat Ass!) that get up voted.  One guy told me I was a "noncontributing fuck", yet when I looked up all of his comments, he never posted anything complimentary or supportive.  The entire sum of his comments consisted of him insulting various posters and telling them "You're not as funny as you think you are."  I failed to see how he contributed anything at all.  It's an interesting social phenomenon.  I will take your advice, at any rate, and stick to upvoting.  Thanks for the insight!
Beacon texture.
Looks too much like reeds.
I know I won't ever need any of those features but I can't help but desire one of those jackets.
lets hope they re-signed their contracts.
When are you guys going to doing the Titanic myth where Jack and Rose both could have possibly fit on the door?
Is there a way to see this photo? 
Wow. I don't even know what to say to that. 
Using Dunsparce competitively is a ton of fun. He's a blast to use since he got Serene Grace as an ability and has access to Body Slam, Rock Slide, Bite, and Headbutt. Para-flinch all day.
... That bastard... Damn. We had it too. Oh well. Thannks for keeping me updated. I should get to bed though, its two am and Ima have to call my uncle tomorrow and eat crow. lol. Guess theres always next sunday. 
That annoys me to hell. ESPECIALLY when someone's NAME has no capital letters!!!! >:P
wtf is your game smoking? i just tried it and it didnt work
Soundcloud does probably have the worst search feature I've ever used though...
I've been working out every single day and eating a ton of protein for a whole damn year. I gained 20 pounds of muscle in 6 months, and then without changing anything completely stopped gaining weight. I might not look as good as some guy who is 6'4" and weighs 210 pounds, but I sure do put a whole lot more work into looking the way I do.
I really hope this is a sarcastic response. Otherwise, I am now depressed. 
If you don't want to spend a small amount of money on bdus after you spent at least a couple hundred on your set up this might not be the activity for you. Seriously, if you play with jeans, you would have to replace them sometime. Especially when you run around in them on a field which would wear them out faster.
I'm a female and I use a regular disposable razor. DO NOT USE NAIR. 
My brother's little dachshund likes to escape the fenced in backyard (child's play) to police the neighborhood. She tries to corral people back into their houses. 
Raising hell outside is always > inside
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: Yep, she's a keeper.
>Meme: Socially Awesome Awkward Penguin
>* ME: "WANT TO SPOON?"
>* GIRLFRIEND: "YOU WANT TO HAVE LESBIAN SEX WITH ME?"
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r567f.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/Y2wly)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||ME%3A+%22WANT+TO+SPOON%3F%22+-+GIRLFRIEND%3A+%22YOU+WANT+TO+HAVE+LESBIAN+SEX+WITH+ME%3F%22)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
I don't know anything about drawing beyond my better-that-Joe-Average sketching abilities... would you mind breaking down the whole 100 hours bit with me? How did you spend the time? What consumed the most time?
TIL my favorite champ is actually Syndra in disguise.
It is doing okay, I just want people to talk more.
Motorcycle riding leathers do a good job of holding your newly pulverized bits in one body shaped sack, and geforce = video card, g-force = measure of gravitational force or inertial equivalent thereof.
You just made me laugh. 
What it means all depends on you and the context and culture in which you live.  Figure it out.
if the image wasn't Karen Gillan I was going to rage. Well done.
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: Justin Bieber pucked onstage!!!!
>Meme: Peter Griffin Oh my god who the hell cares
>* OH MY GOD
>* WHO THE HELL CARES?
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r568a.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/Be7A5)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||OH+MY+GOD+-+WHO+THE+HELL+CARES%3F)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
Nah dude, she wants to be friends with you. 
Drink every time Vick gets sacked...twice if he also fumbles.  Pro tip:  Have the garbage can near by.
Mood Gym really helped with this: https://moodgym.anu.edu.au
It comes down to acceptance and forgiveness.  I used to try and avoid thinking about my mistakes, ignoring them or pushing them from my mind, cause they made me feel crappy.  Well that did not seem to give me the result I was looking for and in the end I would be thinking of them more but in a very destructive way.
Now, when I make a mistake - the first thing I do is accept it.  Just accept the reality of the mistake I made.  It's done and I have to accept it.  Then, I forgive myself.  I really forgive myself.  This is the part that took a while - to actually forgive myself.
Once I forgave myself I would then reflect on the mistake and decide what I could do next time to avoid it.  I didn't judge myself, or come up with crazy scenarios about "Next time" to worry about - I simply figured out what I could learn from the situation and then accepted that I had learned something from it.
Over time it did a lot for me - I actually started LEARNING from Mistakes!  Holy shit!  And I started making LESS mistakes.. and when I did make a mistake... It didn't bother me!  I was no longer afraid of the feelings I would get after making a mistake, because I chose to change how I felt about mistakes.
Hopefully this helps you somewhat, as mistakes were something that "Held me back" for a long time.  I know you can work through it!!!
They died sometime around 1940.
There are episodes of the Doctor and River. Something about Night and the Doctor or something...can anyone hop on and refresh the titles for me?
[*im not a alt account* **i swear pls**] (//#gabent)
Just found [this guy](http://imgur.com/4iE6C) somewhere in there. 
Do you need a source that humans don't fall neatly into straight/gay/bi buckets? Lookup Kinsey scale, "innate bisexuality".
Do you really need a source for the claim that humans likes/dislikes/behaviours may be affected by the environment/experiences? Look around and you will find a few examples. Why would sexual behavior be different from *every* other behavior?
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: My friend stole my idea and made the front page.
>Meme: Scumbag Steve
>* SEES A SMART IDEA FOR A SUCCESSFUL MEME IN /R/NEW
>* DOWNVOTES IT, AND POSTS IT UNDER HIS ACCOUNT NAME
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r5689.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/tAe3e)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||SEES+A+SMART+IDEA+FOR+A+SUCCESSFUL+MEME+IN+%2FR%2FNEW+-+DOWNVOTES+IT%2C+AND+POSTS+IT+UNDER+HIS+ACCOUNT+NAME)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
One [clonazepam](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clonazepam) a day keeps the stress away. 
Yup, I agree as well.  Just wanted to point out that factor for anybody else in the situation - the more you can put into your 401k as early as possible, the happier you'll be when you're 65.  Getting that compound growth started early can be key.
With league it depends much more on your team mates and opponents. One or two teammates doing poorly every game can pull you down regardless if you play amazingly.
Pshhh... Human contact off the internet.  
she deleted it as I typed my questions
Nazi Germany had nothing to do with blasphemy.  You are mistaking a symptom for the cause.  
The trouble with blasphemy laws is that they create unequal classes of speech that by definition confer a type of tyranny to the majority.  What if, for example, my religion teaches me that Islam is crap?  Am I therefore prohibited from practicing it?  In contrast, freedom of speech is a blanket law that applies to everyone equally.  What many Muslims have trouble realizing is that open and inclusive societies have to have equal protection under the law for *all* members of society, not just certain groups.  This is why The Enlightenment thinkers who gave The West the idea of freedom of speech were so smart.  They realized that in protecting even the speech of their enemies, they were also protecting themselves.  It was all about creating inclusive societies, even if they didn't necessarily think of it that way at the time.    
Anyone else had severe enough OCD to think the red leaves should be at the point of the arrow?
I'd learn the code that dictates how their minds work, then change it so that the probability that they will act on impulse is multiplied by 10. Then i would sit back and watch as a nuclear holocaust + mass murders occur, right before my eyes. Would also do this with various other properties of the human mind, such as temper and intelligence. Damn, if Sims 7 actually happens like this, in theory, is it not possible to do considerable science and solve mankind's greatest philosophical problems by boosting their intelligence?
haha I took some nice round Icelandic figures and then converted them into USD.
What are your scoring rules?
Oooh, that sounds awesome.  I put it on my wishlist.  I don't actually have any blue polish!  And I've never tried China Glaze either - I really only buy the cheap polish at drugstores.
Loved Jeremy Soule's work on the Guild Wars series (among others).  Particularly with GW1, where seven years after its initial release I still fondly remember lots of the soundtrack and get all nostalgic about it.  Whether or not the music in GW2 will have the same effect years down the road is yet to be seen, but either way, I'm a big fan of Soule's work.  Good soundtracks can just add so much to a gaming experience.
Obligatory mention to Bastion, as well.  The audio (both the soundtrack and the narration) is what made that game.
It never popped into view, not before and not now.
What's her name? She looks so much like someone I know
I remember this pretty vividly.  I was 11 years old and I stayed home from school due to illness.  I was watching a Spiderman cartoon and it was interrupted by breaking news.  I watched this whole story unfold live because I was trying to watch Spiderman and I was waiting for it to cut back to the show.  Way to go, Fox.
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: Story of my life
>Meme: Socially Awesome Awkward Penguin
>* IN A RELATIONSHIP:   CAN TALK TO HOTT GIRLS LIKE IT'S NOTHING
>* SINGLE:  FORGETS HOW TO TALK
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r565h.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/Y2wly)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||IN+A+RELATIONSHIP%3A+++CAN+TALK+TO+HOTT+GIRLS+LIKE+IT%27S+NOTHING+-+SINGLE%3A++FORGETS+HOW+TO+TALK)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
I have the 425s which are more expensive therefore better
Well, in that case, I don't think there really is a sane way to do that.
Burning flames minigun.  
*Wait a minute...*
Is this the third time you've posted it?   
[Here](http://i.imgur.com/Mcug8.png)'s mine again, steam name is hindoru
Watch my 14 thousand videos on 20 channels. I never steal a thing.
\*sniff\*
Ohio State's new Student Union has a bar in it.  I don't know if any of the previous iterations had one.
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: Stache Guy, go nuts reddit.
>Meme: Stache Guy
>* CHECK OUT MY STASH
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r565s.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/4IySB)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||CHECK+OUT+MY+STASH)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
[Quote from Detwiler](http://www.washingtonpost.com/sports/nationals/nationals-vs-cardinals-washington-falls-flat-with-chance-to-clinch-nl-east/2012/09/30/dc5f3056-0b44-11e2-bd1a-b868e65d57eb_story.html):    
“This was for all the fans back in D.C.,” Detwiler said, ending a mostly glum session with reporters with gallows humor. “I wanted them to see the team clinch.” 
Once again, Damn! Um... Oh! You're trying to prove your self better than a 14 year old male! Beat THAT! 
fucking Australia, where humans are at the bottom of the foodchain
Sorry not in the USA atm, what is it about?
That's a good point, but it's interesting that connoisseurship and legality sort of go hand in hand. The biggest illegal example I can think of is pot, and that's getting closer and closer to legal.
Army crawl style. I've never napped so much in my life
things just got sexual (beef referance)
These look amazing. I wish I wasn't broke. 
Wow, that is almost exactly (diagrammatically) what my work set up looks like.
I would literally pay more money to get LA on their own servers even if it meant longer que times. There is no benefit for the LA players because they were already receiving the benefits (que times/player base being larger) that are now being corrected/changed because of the disadvantage that caused to NA players.
>my coat of arms shall be a plump and tender maidens ass. 
My god, that's classy. 
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: My Foul Father imparted this wisdom to me at a young age, I'm ashamed at how long I believed him
>Meme: Foul Bachelor Frog
>* YOU DON'T NEED TO WASH TOWELS
>* AS LONG AS YOU HANG THEM UP AFTER EVERY USE
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r567s.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/9NsbX)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||YOU+DON%27T+NEED+TO+WASH+TOWELS+-+AS+LONG+AS+YOU+HANG+THEM+UP+AFTER+EVERY+USE)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
Get a plastic ball...metal problems gone
WHATEVER THE FREE MARKET SAYS TO DO!!!!!!
maybe he has a waterbottle sized gas tank?
I know in the UK Petrol is longpenny. But isn't it cheap in some countries on Europe? When will people stop thinking everything in Europe is the same?
He downed 25 bottles of vodka in an hour, and he can still legally drive!
And you expect me to deny that?
In the episode in which Amy marries Rory, at the wedding reception, she tries to kiss the Doctor in a non-just-friends manner, and repeats this sentiment, in words, inside the TARDIS just before Rory enters. How endearing!
Found this very well preserved Dicroidium seed fern fossil (extinct) the other day while logging core in Trassic age sediments - Eastern Australia.
Not trying to come off like a douche at all. I am kinda on hiatus from my gym right now due to money issues and I just needed peer response. This guy is a real good wrestler but I feel best on my back. I think I am going to do it and worst case I lose the promotion is pretty good at not letting fighters get hurt and things get out of hand. 
All your karma on your comment now belongs to Vanilla Ice who made that song, but since he sampled Queen without notifying them, all your karma on your comment now belongs to Queen, but since they already have enough karma all your karma on your comment is now donated to charity.
True, but they call upon governmental entities to enforce their decisions.
He probably means the challenged Saints 3rd down conversion catch (ruling on the field upheld - I am by no means impartial but it seemed like the ball hit the ground to me), and also the forced fumble on the Saints return man that was called as down by contact (GB had no challenges left at this point, and this one was clearly a fumble from the replay).
Thanks man.  Looks like from this point on, we'll be competing with you guys for the #1 draft pick.
Guess confirmed:
* winner **/u/splooshy gets [+6](http://www.reddit.com/r/GuessTheMovie/comments/zbawt/guessthemovie_scoreboard_for_week_of_9312/c6fqrtb "green") point(s)**
* poster **/u/jamith87 gets [+3](http://www.reddit.com/r/GuessTheMovie/comments/zbawt/guessthemovie_scoreboard_for_week_of_9312/c6bonuw "blue") point(s)**.
See sidebar for more details. If anything is incorrect, please [contact the mods](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FGuessTheMovie&subject=Bot%20error)!
(*This was an automated message from a bot*)
"Don't worry fellow Toronto-ans, we'll make it to the playoffs this year! Our shit-luck streak must end eventually".
*lockout*
"well, fuck."
ART H 309
CHEM 152
PHIL 267
Transferring in from a community college.
Here are common problems with switching from trumpet to horn:
>1. Accuracy of attacks.
 The partials of the horn are much closer together than those of the trumpet. You'll find that you'll consistently miss and crack notes or be unable to know whether the note you played is a B-flat, C, or a D. The only way to really combat this is to practice a ton and become accustomed to the intervals of the horn. While it is useful, Perfect pitch is not necessary. However, a good sense of relative pitch and intonation is key.
>2. Lower Range tends to be more difficult for trumpet players to play loud.
 Try practicing arpeggios starting from the fifth of the scale in the low range: Low g-c-e-g-e-c-g, low f#-b-d#-f#-d#-b-f# and so on. In practicing low range volume, it is ok to neglect tone quality and accuracy for the time being. Opening up the bell and playing with your hand a little further out and further from your body will help with low register facility.
>3. The right hand is a new aspect of playing for you.
 Your band director can tell you how to place your hand, but know that the further in and closer to your body you place your hand in the bell, the more flat and muffled your sound will get, but if you take the hand too far out, you will play sharp. When playing stopped horn, be sure to know that stopped notes sound approximately one half step sharper than the played pitch (if your music says f# stopped, then stop the horn and play an f)
>4. John Philip Sousa is the worst composer known to man.
offBEAToffBEAToffBEAToffBEAT DOGFIGHT offBEAToffBEAToffBEAT
>5. Fingering charts are not absolute.
Pretty much every note in the middle and high registers have alternate fingerings. This will confuse you. For example, open valves plays C in the third space in the staff, the Bb below that, the D above that, AND the E above that. Relative pitch and muscle memory help tons.
>6. The tuning slides of every valve actually matter. 
Trumpet players usually ignore the 2nd valve tuning slide and can get away with doing so, but as a horn player you must adjust every single one to make sure your horn plays in tune. Your horn will often be out of tune. I suggest holding a tuning session with yourself every month, playing pitches using your most-often-used fingerings and tuning them using a tuner. Also know that it is better to have a horn tuned sharp than a horn tuned flat, as lipping a note down gives you a better, more open tone than lipping a note up (which tends to result in a clenched or muffly tone).
>7. Horn mouthpieces are much deeper than trumpet mouthpieces and have much smaller rims, meaning you will feel all the pressure you put on your mouth.
>8. The transition from a Bb instrument to an F one will screw with your brain a bit.
Practice.
What a doll baby!!  I bet she was just a little love.  We carry Yoda around like a football, too!  I think the little ones, the calm little ones that is, enjoy being so tall but still supported.
I was never much of a little dog person, or even a chihuahua person, until this little booger came into my life.  Small dogs with big personalities, not aggression issues but lots of life and silliness, are the best!
I'm sorry you don't get your cuddly little football anymore.  She sounds like an amazingly sweet girl.
I really enjoyed the movie "Bridge to Terabithia" as opposed to the book. 
Right now you have negative negative karma in RES.
Nicolas Cage is truly a glorious god.
Yeah, and I do like Flygon, but if I put all my favorites on my team for the first playthrough, then it wouldn't be any fun in later ones
Lol
Man, they can play billups at 1 , btw
I'm no entomologist, but it doesn't look like a cordyceps infection, it looks more like the "helmet" is resting on top of the head rather than protruding out from inside. There are even some more similar treehopper pictures here: http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/notrocketscience/2011/05/04/from-250-million-years-of-repression-a-wonderland-of-hats/
I think you can put Jim Brown in that category also I know it was a different era but he was a beast 
already running rom from xda on my trophy. 
I'm surprised no one has noticed a huge error in the picture. I'll let you find out what it is.
You've now "lol"ed me twice.  Are you **really** laughing out loud, or just saying it?
I've locked up gearboxes completely a few times and it's very possible for there to be no sound at all when you pull the trigger.
I'm not sure this is blasphemous enough for me. I think I need to draw a picture of Mohammed on a Koran and then burn it while eating bacon and having premarital sex.
It's free to use. How is it not free?
What reverse image search do you use? I tried TinEye but it found 0 results...
i do now if in didn't before
i understand that but everyone yelling at the top of their lungs will only make madness and confusion
The part of their religion where it says it's ok to murder any "non-believer" is enough for me to mock and insult the shit out them.
Shit like that has no place in a civilized country. 
Islam has no place in a civilized country.
I'm curious why your piercer didn't tell you any of these things. I waited about 2 months to change the jewelry in mine, but iirc, my piercer told me the wait time was 8-10 weeks on average for it to heal.
Have an upvote... for going full retard
See Fight Club... If movies are to be believed. 
Joke all you want. I thought it was adorable.
Oh wow do i feel stupid xD. I forgot that once your down there the tunnel goes 180 degrees the other way. Please do continue your onto something here.
I think rubber cement glue would work nicely, also if you happen to use wood glue for cleaning and have some around you can use that too. That's what I did once and it turned out fine.
Green carpet, off-white leather couch, screen door and ugly drapes. My grandmother mentioned nothing about a robbery... 
What's going on with his pants?
It's only a sports game, fortunately.
That's why the gameplay is better with the bright sun. It allows a tactical advantage for those smart enough to make use of it.  Making use of environmental advantages is what war is about.  It's one of the few war games to get it right.
Proper nomenclature in my part of the world.
Lol why are they being arrested? 
4\. Post picture to /r/sfgiants as proof
What a superb pile of bullshit
That's what butt plugs are for
I like pretending I'm a hero & a person who people would post about in [/r/Justiceporn](http://www.reddit.com/r/justiceporn).
I had no discomfort when I lost my virginity. And I didn't even love the guy. Every woman is different and many women experience little to no discomfort having their first sex.
Your ideas about her or any other woman "just loving having a dick in her" are pretty offensive. People aren't cartoons. They are people. Women and men usually require more than just available genitals to fuck. Enjoying your first time doesn't make you some kind of morally lesser woman. Jesus, man.
I got my hair cut like Cool Dr. Money http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8IKei0TEFw
First here is a link to a few KZ forums that could help.
http://kzrider.com/forum/4-electrical/496610-hazard-lights-on-my-1000
http://www.kawasakimotorcycle.org/forum/vintage-motorcyle-info/79748-kz1000-wiring-diagram.html
You'll need a wiring diagram.
It looks as though someone prior to you had some wiring issues. More often than not on these bikes the front turn signal wiring terminated in the headlight bucket. Two for each signal and three for the headlight. There may be others for the instruments if they run through there. These are some of the wires that probably aren't plugged in. It's hard to see in the pictures, but a guess would be the prior owner had a short and spliced in their own wiring. Not good news for you. I'm not crazy about the routing of the rear fender wiring either. It should be tucked neatly through the bracket and routed properly. There are a lot of "pinch" points that will cause shorts otherwise. Under the seat and under the tank are good spots to look for shorts to ground. You'll probably want to get a multi-meter. They're only about $15-20. You're just going to have to start tracing wires. Good luck and feel free to come back with more questions or check out the KZ forums.
I've been doing this without even knowing that it was helping the healing process. ^_^
holy shit. She seems so peaceful and content.
[Shake Shack](http://www.shakeshack.com/). I'm just gonna go ahead and say it: I like In-N-Out, but I think this place is better. 
So that the drive falls over and you lose all your footage? Yeah that makes sense.
I've never even heard of a cord getting jerked during an edit. Maybe the solution is for you to re-examine how your suite is set up so that the cables don't get touched.
But, let's be frank here a moment, you're not going to change her mind unless it's something that's actually *wrong* (As I mentioned before about taste etc). You need to stop trying unless you're willing to sit down and talk about it and find out from her how *she* feels about it.
Just like Rory.....I'm sorry, I have to go cry again.
Maybe music itself was done  pretending to contain... you know, rhythm, melody, harmony.
I have removed your submission as the source resolution is actually 768x1200. Please resubmit with the proper one listed.
That game sounds like shit! (eh? eh? see what I did there?)
No problem. Always happy to be of service.
Go get an I.V.
If that's not an option go to your nearest Asian Food Market and buy some Aloe Drink, shit's money for hangovers.  Also, not even really sure why, but use a lot of Visine.  (In your eyes, had to clarify in case you were stupid)  Something about moistening up your eye balls that takes away the feel bad.
If that doesn't help, just start drinking again.  You can't get hungover if you just stay drunk.
One of the best places on earth!
As good as this idea is, they can't add anything more to the game like this. They're just adding the finishing touches. The beta release is less than a month away now.
There are some pieces of clothing that you want to spend money on, like heels. You will feel a difference between $50 heels and $100
That minors can't consent is irrelevant. They still get medical treatment, and therapy is medical treatment. We give children fillings in their teeth, we give them braces, we give them antibiotics, vaccinations and take their tonsils out. We let children elect to see a counselor, psychiatrist or psychologist if they want. We have teens begin gender reassignment before reaching the age of consent. That's if its voluntary, and not forced.
Kids can go and see a counselor without parental permission even. We do things to children not based on whether they can consent to it, but whether it is for their benefit.
While certainly this therapy doesn't work, doesn't help and is only detrimental, and it should be banned on those grounds, the fact that a minor can't consent to it has no bearing in this medical context.
Travis has become a *much* better interviewer these last months!
I used to actively post in /r/seventhworldproblems
Thank you mister Dredd PR agent.  :P
No thanks, I'll wait the < three months for it to hit RedBox.
Week 1 "Less is More" marathon training.  Looking at my third marathon, Charleston, SC in January.
Great post and thanks for sharing! Also thanks for the insight into your opinions for each part :) hurry up and get hold of a monitor though, i used my 720p TV for 2 years and the switch to a 1080p monitor is so much more practical, comfortable and higher quality. :)
We were having anal sex and Funky Town came on.
[](/rscootacheer) Its ok. I don't like wine either so we can be unclassy together.
If you do more than one of these, and leave them in the hot sun for a few minutes, you will have a bad day. A bad, sticky, day. :)
I would really like to see a good explanation for why the presence of wood under soil will reduce the need for watering. I'm skeptical.
I used to walk around with my backpack in front of me because I thought it made me look like the Megazord from Mighty Morphin' Power Rangers. If for whatever reason I move my bag to the front of me now I still get the same feeling. 
CS is a great major, and a great field to work in.  I get that pharmacy is also a great field, but I would hate to work at a CVS for 40 years even if I were making six figures.
I would switch to CS.  There are plenty of great jobs out there for people with only a bachelors, and most of them pay well.  
Beat Bama in the SEC Championship, prove that the East is the dominant division. 
I want Georgia, SCAR, and Florida to be the top powers of the SEC.
I know it receives almost as much hate as Unity itself around here, but honestly Gnome 3 accomplishes the same thing Unity is trying to do, but without being nearly as much of a mess. 
Wadsworth constant did not apply on this one
Ole Miss won a couple national titles back in the day 
You're gonna dredd the day you made that pun.
Thats not pagan in the slightest just so you folks dont get the wrong idea about us.
Any good stories about pulling gilrs cause you are known as the "frat guy" on youtube?
Apparently on reddit many people are blind to recognize sarcasm.
It's a bad ABS wheel speed sensor. Not sure if you can replace just the sensor or the whole unit has to be replaced for that year. They usually run $80 bucks I think and it's better to replace them in pairs.
Actually, the fact that she didn't reply *here* is promising to me; I'm glad it ended where it did!
While the "classiness" of this picture *could* be debated, the amount of skin showing doesn't inherently make something any more or less classy.
alternatively, murder them with a weapon or magic spell. 
And even then if your faith involves Jesus it should be ok. I mean come one he turned the water to wine. But of course you shouldn't get drunk because thats just stupid.
BRO YOU NEED A BETTER CAPTION CHU KNOW?
Doesn't really matter. Still awesome... Still vast... Still beautiful.
Cutting taxes 20% doesn't mean someone paying 20% would now pay zero. It means someone paying 20% would be reduced to 16%.
But Team Fortress was invented by an Australian...
Apparently 4 people dead in a terrorist attack is reason enough to deny Obama a second term, but hundreds of people falling to their deaths from a pair of burning skyscrapers that then proceeded to collapse and kill hundreds more was not reason enough to deny Bush a second term.
First dead before admiting that *"History"* Channel was right about that.
Did you know that Buddhists in Burma participated in a religious genocide against Muslims not a very long time back?
This is probably correct.
All of the points that I can find to determine if this is a first are on the dust jacket or copyright page.
Without being able to prove it is a first, you have to assume that it is not one of the 3,000.
haha okay. btw did you like the movie? I'm glad they left out a lot of the story elements that play out later in the film from the trailers. It was quite a relief 
I was sitting here thinking, 70 degrees that won't do anything! Then I remembered, DUH I am in america and the rest of the world is smart and uses Celsius!!! hahahaha, i feel so dumb.
It was so sad, but it was a good conclusion. 
I heard age filters work really well for Porn sites. 
closed the one at the nearest mall.. my life ;_;
Drive like a retard as in 150+ mph on normal roads, masturbate literally everywhere, defecate violently and wipe my ass with 100$ bills, shoot guns inside the city. Get piss drunk and drive because I have no sense of self preservaton. I sound like an asshole when I say this, but driving drunk sounds fun. I wouldnt do it, but if nobody else was alive I would.  
Sadly, this is a grizzly, and grizzlies do not climb trees. But black bears do. Either way amazing photo.
>wrathlet  
>Disney princess
Naaaaaaaaaaah.
Also I'm totally a butt and need to visit you soon.
Sometimes, the picture is better than the song
I like your way of stating that, makes me feel somewhat relevant in an everyone can go fuck themselves kind of way...
> I'm saying that the reason there's an age of consent at all, is the fact that adolescents are still in a developing state mentally. This is a completely factual statement. 
Not so. Our cultural notions on this were developed ***before*** neuroscience.
Short rest periods and A LOT of sets, like ten or more.
Mayne, depends on from what angle you readin this niggas shit from, coming at it sideways you'll start trippin and lose grip on reality. To me this nigga was tryna explain that dumb bitches don't see the big picture, feel me? We here bustin' caps with black on black crime over drugs killin eachother, while its da govment alphabet boys be bringing in dope n coke to keep the black man down, but you cant know that if we trippin about some street-corner politickin' instead of schoolin' the youth to be hip to the game behind the game.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8y_VFGrGnCE
I never even considered the gravity issue! Aside from the floating chandelier, was it used anywhere else? I mean, artificial gravity would change everything. And you're right of course that loss of power should have affected the gravity first (unless their anti-grav tech was based on something like [Cavorite](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_First_Men_in_the_Moon#Plot_summary).)
thanks. as soon as I heard the narrator say "amen break" it instantly reminded me of a song. that was the one.
It will hurt until the end of time.
If I have a party, I am definitely inviting you.
As long as you're not a dick to us, we probably won't be a dick to you. 
Don't worry, if the smile isn't legitimate, the body has ways of shutting it down.
It was Maurice who snitched on you in the third grade after you took Ms. Sisk's notebook.
Low on funds atm, but nice to see someone with wide tases in literature and music. If stuff is still on sale whenever I next have money I'll get in touch! What's your postcode/suburb? Just as a rough location for reference?
yeah you posted that an hour ago
being able to search for "emergency room" in Google Maps is a nice feature, but it's not like "emergency room" is a business name or the name of a public building or what have you
that search also fails in MaqQuest and Bing Maps as well as the Garmin and Navigon apps I have here
Yes, Yes I do
he answers the question!
Birth name of Shirley.
I concur, wonderful new termenology
Ahhhh..... I see.... Well that changes everything!
Now that there, that's the dream. NASA terraforms Mars, life expectancy for those already born extended one hundred years or more.
Its improbable, and unlikely, but those who dare to dream are those that lead such dreams to reality.
The girls you think are natural are probably just really good at applying makeup brosercise
The Greeks called, [they just laughed](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gyros).
For me the last games starts at 8 am...
A team is only allowed 11, unless the rules changed recently.
One of us! One of us!
Aww, that's so cute :D
Sleek Bad Girl.
I have [Naked 2 and Bad Girl](http://i.imgur.com/7lj2l.jpg). Bad Girl [swatches](http://i.imgur.com/vcQoC.jpg) here. It's worth it for the purple alone.
Same premise, different method/extension.
Thanks for watching and expressing a very truthful critique. I couldn't agree more. 
"peter gets pushy". brilliant
>logic and stuff like doesn't really change from language to language so i've already 'mastered' it
Congrats, you know how to do class-based OOP. You can either rest on your laurels, or find out the remaining 95% of what computer programming is about.
You look like you could use some humbling. Why not try functional programming?
Not to minimise your feelings but I don't really see what's offensive about it. It's making a joke about Chinese accents. Everyone has an accent. Why be sensitive about it?
If it is clear and smells like alcohol it's probably fine.
HOWEVER
Always the possibility someone put a cyanide in the open bottles hoping to randomly kill someone.
I really hope Sprint picks this up at launch and not months after the fact. I can't wait for new Nexus goodness. I am keeping my Nexus S 4G though when I do get a new Nexus.. It'll make the perfect little dedicated media server remote. Hands down the best phone I ever owned though.
Nothing good can come of this title...
And apparently, how to get to the front page. :/
My BOB is a +3 bag of infinite holding.
One of the pastors I was working with ran off with the other pastors wife.
I heard that a diocese over, one of the pastors ran off with one of the other pastors sons. Caused all kinds of hullaboo. Amused me greatly.
What stats is the shark based on? Is it world wide? Because there's been 2 fatal shark attacks this year in Australia alone
Ugh, I don't know what this is but its fucking weird.
[puck from dota 2](http://img59.imageshack.us/img59/9458/pucku.jpg)
The obvious solution for her is to not post a blanket statement about a controversial issue without fully understanding the issue and those around it. Especially on Facebook, with a stupid grin on her face, in front of all her "friends". Then she wouldn't have to try and poorly defend herself and wallow in self pity at the end.
Dear me people are stupid. It's amazing how many problems can be prevented by shutting up and observing instead.
Get ready for some more heart ache this Saturday
Oh god I'm sorry...everything I said was bullshit. Just some hilarious copypasta I love spreading.
Unless you're, in turn, fucking with me.
way easier to shave though ;)
Well you fucked up.  If he puts the pics up there is nothing you can do about it.  Learn the lesson.  Don't do it again.
What the shit is wrong with people. Seriously? Any additional context ?
Even if I knew the person really well I wouldn't do this (Though admittedly it's been done to me come to think of it.) But context is important and it was a friend of mine that I had been with in school many years ago that promptly jumped on me while getting off a train.
A random ass stranger did this to you in a public setting?
Who the fuck are you?
I just like the idea or any consenting people being able to get married whereever they like by whoever they like in any way they like. 
The only marriage laws should be to stop forced marriages,non consenting marriages, underage marriages and maybe close relatives if their is actual peer reviewed science  that says it is actually bad. 
I can understand why a brother and sister probably shouldn't marry but brother and brother or sister and sister would surely be fine as there would be no kids. I know it might upset some peoples moral compass though.
I call bullshit... Seizures maybe but leukaemia, bullshit
How'd it go? I didn't get to make it, but I'm still curious. What deck won?
I believe this has to be one of the best threads I have seen on Reddit during the short time I've been here. At the moment, I can't even begin to describe how much this made me feel. Damn, there's so much dark stuff.
Ate two large Mac n cheese pizzas loaded with bacon from Vito's.
Never before have I hated bacon, and I plan to never again.
and on that note; a typical afghani [woman](http://illakiyaa.files.wordpress.com/2007/05/afghan_woman_with_green_eyes.jpg?w=570)
I fully admit my excitement. 
i don't think that's his reaction at all. i think he'd give anything to have them back... just because his heart has been hardened to almost everything around him doesn't mean he'd rather have luxury than love.
>edit: I forget to proofread one sentence and you people turn into savages.
....You haven't been on the internet for very long, have you? :P
I'm not home, is my thing still up? xD
I'll just throw this out there, but I have no degree and live very comfortably. If your portfolio is decent and you have 5+ years experience, you will do fine. The only thing a BFA will get you is some extra mobility. Most forms don't "require" a degree, regardless of what their job descriptions say.
So personally, I'd advise against it. Unless you can get some related experience while going to school.
It doesn't trace to your house it traces to your ISP.
My IP is 69.50.58.48 and if you trace that you will find out I live in "Brownfield, Maine" that is only half true (The Maine part) the other part is where my ISP is located.
sent you a request if you still need it
you have chronic inflammation which has multiple causes.  diet, exercise, trauma, and disease can all cause it.  however, once it gets going, it can be difficult to stop.  stubbing your toe can start the inflammation (healing) process, but the body sometimes stays in a state of inflammation due to persistent inflammation and has trouble recovering from it due to poor diet.
try cutting out grains, beans, sugar, and dairy and eating more veggies, fish, and meat for a few weeks.  it's a low inflammation diet and will help heal recent damage you've caused along with built up damage.  you should notice significant improvement after 2 weeks and the longer you stay on it, the more benefit you'll have from it.
for what it's worth, it's a paleo diet
you people sicken me! HEATHENS, ALL OF YOU ARE HEATHENS!
Boy, you should eat at a few places in Texas.  It's like they WANT you to waste food.  They give you so much food that you could eat your fill, yet, it looks like you haven't even made a dent on your whole meal.  These places just have so much food that they end up getting rid of and being so wasteful.  I just imagine that attitude with any other limited commodity, like gas.  We kind of are like that with how much energy we use but imagine a few people standing at the pumps and just pouring gasoline on to the ground for the fun of it.  Eventually, that gas station would have to run out of gas.  And then what?  Who knows, that's the whole point to me.  That wasteful type of mindset is getting us in to a deeper and deeper hole all around and it will be tough just to get back to efficiency (which we are far from now).
You can do it yourself [here](http://cooltext.com/).
Ok! Just PM the information and when we can do this. 
I thought it would be more relevant to /r/gaming since most people in /r/IAmA would probably not be as interested in this project as a group of gamers would be. It's more to just get the game out there, let people check it out, and then they can ask me any questions or leave feedback for what they'd like to see here.
Why don't they run dedicated software or at least just a Linux kernel instead of an entire Windows OS?
I just realized Amy's departure has a parallel with River's "death". After they leave and the Doctor is grieving, he discovers something that lets him know they're okay. With River, he was able to upload her into the computer, and with Amy he had the last page of Melody's book.
Well, the Targaryens wed brother to sister for centuries.
>this planet.
Oh, right.
They don't have to accept it, hell they don't have to even let you in. Just laugh and take your business elsewhere. 
so uhm not a serious simpsons watcher but shouldnt the opening sequence have ended on the couch?
The word blog links to it.
Here's the full URL:
http://nemskii.blogspot.com.au/2010/03/shell-server-to-provide-quick-and-easy.html
Fuck you too, my disillusioned friend.  I hope you shed many a tear.
Some [migratory animals](http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2001/10/1012_TVanimalnavigation.html) can sense the earth's magnetic field.
but I *have* seen lightning...
Brees is still a beast, love the guy.
Something about surviving the lane phase during the Champion Spotlight, if I recall.
I could definitely be wrong, but I believe it's the demand for alcohol. It's been legal for a very long time. Making it illegal is totally out of the question. Prohibition is an excellent example of that. Everything got pretty fucked up for the short time it became illegal. People want mind-altering substances. Humans are pleasure seekers by nature.
And since alcohol intoxication is easily measurable the government views it as easier to keep track of compared to most other illicit substances where it would take an actual drug test to verify that the substance has been consumed.
And I'm not counting prescription medications because even though you can get high from them, it's not their intended purpose. Unlike alcohol. But like I said, I could be way off base here.
He's gone ever more off the rails, too.  His *1434,* which suggests massive fleets of Chinese ships somehow came to Italy and were subsequently erased from history, is the closest thing I've seen to a book-length troll.  And now he thinks he's discovered the "truth" about [Atlantis](http://www.amazon.com/Lost-Empire-Atlantis-Historys-Greatest/dp/0062049488), including their discovery of America because something about Minoans and pure copper.  I picture him waking up with trollface every morning.
I'm wondering if Sanchez or Ryan is going to get run out of town first. Ryan's insistence on sticking with him no matter how awful he is game after game is just mystifying.
I'm not saying Tebow is any better, but if the Jets don't do something drastic or draft a first round QB next offseason I doubt Ryan is going to be around more than another couple years. 
My god it's beautiful
purdy is the god of groove man
No one is claiming anything more than an n=1 experiment.
I put all my dominion cards in one box. so you could cut your occupied shelf space down by half.
This thought makes me sad. Really sad.
What makes it legal compared to the other poker sites that have been shut down?
The Random Floating block/island, oo my back in the day!!
Your cover letter needs to give the hiring manager a reason to be interested in adding you to the stack of "must interview" applicants.  You have about a paragraph to catch my interest, and the rest of the letter to tell me what it is about you that makes you potentially a great fit for the job and our organization. 
Perhaps I'm more conservative than the hiring manager for this job.  But other than saying "they are passionate about what they do", nothing in the posting jumped out at me as the company being more on the creative side.  Given the type of job, and what they do, I would expect they are looking for the exact opposite of "creative".
As a hiring manager, I'd have to say that this letter really turned me off.     Unless you had a superstar resume to back up the letter, or the candidate crop didn't have anyone better qualified, this letter would not get you on my "to be interviewed" pile. Here's why (or at least how it reads on a first scan - which is all your letter will get).
* You start with an assumption that I am like you (usually a bad place to start with anyone you don't know) - quite presumptuous.
* Then you have 3 bullets that start with "you must".  That's really very off-putting. I don't actually have to do anything, and those words "you must" immediately raises a pretty harsh psychological barrier.
Which is a real shame.  Because (if the hiring manager hasn't already moved the application to the 'no' pile) the second half of the letter has some promising indicators in it.  The actual experiences and attributes you bring to the table.  Love of logic puzzles; an audit intern role; that in your personal life you organize and categorize your books etc.  That's the starting point for crafting a personal, compelling cover letter.
I've recommended this blog before - but it really is one of the best, most honest and straight-forward sites on the net.  One that I find myself nodding my head in agreement to the advice given to job-seekers.   [Ask A Manager](http://www.askamanager.org/)  Here's a link to a terrific post on the topic of cover letters (complete with example). [What does a good cover letter look like](http://www.askamanager.org/2007/06/what-does-good-cover-letter-look-like_13.html).
Sorry if this sounds overly harsh - I don't mean to dampen your enthusiasm, just show you how it can come across from the other side of the desk, so that you're better able to write that stand-out letter that will get you to the next stage.  
Good luck!
Ah, an old favourite, [*Leptoglossus occidentalis*](http://bugguide.net/node/view/3393/bgimage).
I think I got apologies from ten girls, it was hilarious.
Dead House Gates by Steven Erikson. Second book of the Malazan series. By far the most shocking ending of a book I have ever read. If you think Game of Thrones is bad for dying characters, you haven't seen anything yet.
Thanks a ton, man! Enjoy your Deoxys!
Yea.... I say pay back with damages..... but jail.... come on.
yes i'm not very good at analogy's 
As I mentioned above, my school is ranked in the top twenty based on standardized test scores.  
Students are successful on state tests because they take multiple practice tests each year, attend tutoring (for the test) after an already-extended school day (in an extended school year), and have about 30 minutes of test prep a day.  
Our students also have a lot of homework each night and no recess or talking allowed during lunch or breakfast (to allow for more time in the classroom, learning). 
In case it isn't clear, I'm not really sold on my school being as "successful" as our state test scores indicate.
Ohhhh right...my bad!
[Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/10q3m1/viper_owners_invitational_2012_viper_gtsr_album/) it is :) 
How can you be deader than dead?
I am laughing so hard at this hahaha
The most rare of the Pokemon
For 40 dollars and a game could you trade the sp a couple gba games and oblivion?
If you *kill* someone in *my* country, you don't just "go home". How is it a *good* thing to tell them that they don't have to be concerned with our laws cause the worst that'll happen is they'll go home? My fucking god. If you **MURDER** someone you should go to fucking jail!
I'm not "glossing over" anything. As an immigrant you agree to be bound by the same laws as everyone else. You don't get a "get out of jail free" card for being muslim, or whatever other culture. If someone murders me I don't want him sent back to his family in Africa. I want him to spend the rest of his god damn life in jail like he deserves.
Stop saying I'm "glossing over" things because it's kind of pissing me off. I'm not "glossing over" honour killings. You can't just say "in some place somewhere there are people that are okay with that, therefore that is 100% proof that that is what happened here". That's not proof of anything. I'm not "glossing over" it. I'm simply not addressing it because that fact is not a valid argument in any sense of the term on it's own. It's like saying that if I say someone who got lung cancer didn't get it from smoking I'm "glossing over" the fact that some people smoke. I'm not. I'm not addressing it because you need more than "this exists in the world" to prove it's related.
Also, where did I say or imply that the daughter was going as well? Funny, cause I didn't. I'm saying her mother, remember the one that *tried to kill her* is still going to be free. What if her family sends her back to her mother? What if she wants to visit her home *at any point in her life*? What if she just doesn't want her mom to fucking get away with attempted murder? Yea, you're doing her a bit of a disservice by letting this woman go free.
good songwriting? more like scattered poetry over rap beats. there's a difference. good track though.
Go on the Dark Souls Amazon page and hit ctrl+f and then type 'Steam'. If you find a result then it will give you a Steam key, if you don't then it won't.
My condolences to you and to your friend's family - heartbreaking to hear of this terrible event.
good times..you guys should come back. minerap needs DSB, and if nothing else the kitties need DSB for some pvp
I wish there was a way to fake braces. Braces are so cute. 
Quantity has a quality all it's own, good sir.
Childhood's End by Arthur C. Clarke
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Childhood's_End
Galaxy Quest. Up. The Incredibles. Arsenic and Old Lace (great film for Halloween, IMAO), The Ladykillers (the 1955 version with Alec Guinness)
If you find the article please post it!
There were pictures of cartel murders on the news sites about a year ago. This guy had like his hands chopped off and his slashes in chest. The cartel cut off the guys dick and put it in his mouth. The news blurred the dick but left all of the rest of the gore. 
That would be so much easier to fill out if everything were alphabetized. 
Yeah, it would be a unique ending and really raise the story telling quality in my opinion.  Currently, the story seems to be a bit cliched (nothing wrong with it, but it is predictable).
This would be amazing if you could make this!
Are there many vampires?
So that's what Gregg Williams has been doing...
the korean macarena sucks.
They'll walk it off
I have a DS Lite and couldn't get the net battle to work for White.
This looks really familiar.
When the Doctor flew the Pandorica into the burning TARDIS and rebooted the entire universe.
Try to sleep with the Black Widow.
One down, forty-nine to go. 
Then they are members of the Confraternal Society of Unfortunate Children of Our Lady of Guadalupe for the Preservation of Patience. 
Which would of course be shortened derisively to: "Patient".  
Ironically, membership actually tends to improve one's patience. 
My girlfriend's brother is in a band that they call "The Purple Bunny Clan." She keeps asking him to rename it to "God's Balloon." Which do you guys prefer?
Yah, sorry, that's what I meant by "we".
This can also be done using a couple layers cardboard. 
Or you could eat it to death. That's what I do.
I read that in [Brak's](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyUnSuYYs18) voice
Thank you for the laugh.
This is an amazing idea. Well done.
Love the nerd girls, need to bottle it and sell it we'd be millionaires.
Do the Kochs even know where their money is going anymore, or does it just have a mind of its own now?
Can somebody please provide a list of all of the shit they're fucking up because I've lost track.
Him and Colston were just wide open every freaking 3rd down...I was actually fearing 3rd downs for a while because I knew it meant 1st down on the next play for you guys...
It's a straightedge socialist's worst nightmare come true. 
Mine is don't text unless someone texts me. I hate texting.
lets be honest, no 
I'm located in California, trying to get a friend an invite. 2 keys is reasonable, 4 keys is just laughable.
That is Frank Booth from Blue Velvet. 
It would translate into like 25+ pills a day. With orange juice it's absolutely not a problem.
cuz i havent wtched it just heard about it from friends i want to watch it just i dont have a reliable way to watch it
I love how people talk about "Facebook" as if it were some unified source of content.  Do people not realize that the content they see on Facebook is simply provided by their "friends"?  People constantly complain about seeing stupid shit on their Facebook feeds as if they don't have a choice in who their friends are (both in real life and on Facebook).
You know you could just, you know, not parry him and fight him properly?
The fact I can't get some things without looking like a total nooblet or a pretentious asshole.
i meant the ones that are listed in the post i was replying too. those ones are really fucked up and should be taken down. The ones you listed are fine. 
The little ones were from various things. I was a clumsy kid and hit my head on the playground a lot, and actually got a few that way. I got one more while playing a game of pickup football, where the kid who wound up becoming a kicker for Saginaw Valley State University's football team punted a ball that I unintentionally blocked with my face. I got several more during my amateur boxing career, which was cut short partially due to injuries.
The "big" one was nothing but bad luck. I woke up one day in my lofted bed to turn off my alarm, but my arm was still asleep, so when I propped myself up, I tipped over and fell ~6 feet to the floor, landing mostly on the crown of my head and my right wrist. I broke my wrist, had minor kidney damage, and had a very mild brain hemorrhage. I have several holes in my brain now.
The Doctor rebooted the universe at the end of series 5, so he never actually lived those 2000 years. 
Yeah, man. I'm from California and I'm friends with the owner of a local head shop and we say bong all the time and have no problem. It's not like he thinks I'm ACTUALLY smoking tobacco. I'm not trying to hide anything. It REALLY isn't a big deal
21st Century Schitzoid Man......King Crimson, try it,WOW!
Just extra filtration right? Slam her back in and sent her back out haha
Cake - The Distance
A joke! Like on Top Gear!
Thats pretty dope & they can even change colours to :P
I'm pretty crazy and if for some reason it doesn't show them, I'll do the math. I WANT A GOOD DEAL GOSH DARNIT
Well done kids, Lexus Paramatta, Challenger Financial Services, Freedom Furniture have cancelled their advertising so far this morning!
I think this caused some back pains later in life for me.
Only with her consent, tie her into a chair, put a rag in her mouth, and finger fuck her almost violently with two fingers and some Vaseline paste until she squirts. Play role play like you are her Daddy, teaching her a lesson. Be careful not to make her bleed, however! She will learn how to get wet on her own after that.
The only MAC that would appear would be the router's.  When you first login, you have to register the MAC address, so just register the router's address as a computer and they can't tell any different.
Source: I did this freshman year.
No, that's capitalism.  I vote with my wallet on products I deem worth my money.  Is it entitlement to say "I'll only get a car if the miles/gallon is X or more"  or "I'll only get this refrigerator if it comes in black" or even "I'll only get this console if it has this game"?
Things come down in price over time.  It's natural in every industry.  EA is not following suit and I politely decline to buy their product.
I can only pick one?   Drat.   I'll go through my album and try to pick! 
[This](http://i.imgur.com/hh7jL.png) explains pretty much all of the binding of Isaac.
So that is what Penn Jillette looks like with a beard.
my numpad is bound to virtual desktops 1-9
I can make pretty much *any* occurrence into a somewhat-interesting story. 
Anthony Cumia being the top thing on reddit ? day made
Well you can basically add any liquid safe substance, I have done water (obvi), milk, beer, a few shots of vodka, coffee. They all have their own "unique" experience. It all depends on what your smoking. 
As for cleaning, for better sessions obvi change the water before every use. I always wash my bowl and make sure it's dry before putting shisha in. The stem can be cleaned maybe 2 a week or so if you smoke every day, like me lol. I have problems. Ice for me has been a must for every session. :) hope it helps any more questions PM or just comment here. I have been smoking hookah for almost 2 years, so if I'm wrong please do tell. 
ya it doesn't even matter, I think it's a spectacle more than anything.
Then leave.  Once you're gone, your father will may realize all the things that you do for him.  Otherwise, wait until you're done with college and then leave.  But until you're ready to leave, there is little you can do.
Hot flashes.  Fuck hot flashes.
Completely changed my view on religion and the roles it plays in human society. Such a fantastic series! 
Don't hate, he has to have something special. We don't need any more Joeys in this world then we already have.
Injectors are actually falling out of use. Too many people have weak bones from long term medicine. I've not had much luck with the buttons, stitching is easier.
F10 takes you to the BIOS.
Does the hard drive show up under System Info or Std. CMOS Setup? If not, you probably need a new drive.
Ah of course. I should have known that, doh!
Well, generally speaking the louder a track is the more even the frequency response, so radio people and such just prefer a loud track, which is generally why dynamics get all squashed to hell.  I'm honestly not as opposed to the compression trend as most people seem to be, simply because most pop/radio style songs don't really need all that much dynamics to them.
As far as your track, I'd say that the bass drum probably drops off at low volumes because there aren't any mid frequencies in it.  If you can find a way to bump up some mid frequencies on both the bass and the snare I think your mix would probably sound better at a lower volume.  The track doesn't have a whole lot of elements to it, so the elements that it does have need to cover a pretty big frequency range. 
edited for clarity
This is like the third time someone asked this question in the last 10 minutes.
No, they just don't like the government dictating what they can and can't do.
*shrug*
Yeah lol! They're being arrested for using free speech within ear shot of the White House! Go police! 
Sleeping on your stomach. Men, do you not understand what a wonderful thing that is? Boobs get in the damned way and it's horribly uncomfortable. Also, peeing standing up. Unzip, piss, done. Girls: Unzip, pull down, sit down, piss, wipe, sit up, pull up, zip up, then done. Oh, unless you're on your period. Men, be happy you don't have that. 
OP mislead all pt 1 viewers.... *I was there...*
I was just really viewing how AP is producing for the team, to show that his surgery wasn't effecting him and shouldn't be a factor as "Why what a surprise the Vikings are good" deal, not really trying to show a "good running game = success for the Vikings".
And done in one.
OP, you just got told, son.
adam vs the man
Yeah, I really don't know. I know Green-Sum raised their prices, didn't know they changed their dead pixel warranty. I got my perfext pixel for 370 and it was perfext pixel or refund. If you got the non pixel perfect for 310, it was 0 in center or else you get a new monitor and 5 anywhere else and refund.
I don't know about everyone, but big books in my life have been:
Animal Farm by George Orwell
Ain't Nobody's Business if You Do by Peter McWilliams
The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho
Thanks for the replies! Avs looks good to me. 
I don't know why DICE decided to get rid of it. It was perfect for every vehicle in BC2
He was competent last year. This year he's flirting with "good".
Street hassle and nation of Ulysses? Upvote for you! 
I don't have a car so busing down to IKEA and shipping all of our furniture to our house for $50 is nice (IKEA has a service where they do same-day shipping), especially when my wife and I moved in together and neither of us had furniture for the apartment.
Mirror the Internet facing port then. 
I think its too early to discredit Cleverly, we'll see in the future his capabilities and i think he has plenty of them.  Kahn should be number one, he overrates himself, the man cant see his own limitations.
i play on a factions pvp server called piratecraft http://www.mcpiratecraft.com/
-warning- this server might not be suitable for new players as alot of raiding and pvp happens and tnt is allowed
I fucking hate posts like this that try and make Gay people seem fantastic and the best people in the world. It's as much a symptom of a society that ostricises gay people then anything else. They aren't *fantastic* people, they are NORMAL people. When you try and put gay people in a group like this you're just adding to the trend that gay people are a different group then straight people.
That sounded a little harsh, and I hope that madmodderx hasn't taken it that way, I just wish we could just stop thinking of gay people as some sort of alien race that we have to cope with, and just accept that they are normal people and forget about it.
Widest margin of victory since 1962.
[WE LIKE THE MOON!](http://www.rathergood.com/moon_song)
Is this only for minors? I don't think they should for minors (just because they would then be somewhat responsible for reporting any illegal activity, and what if they didn't catch it and then get called out if something bad happens?) But after that, if they want to. I'm in college now and I'm friends with a few of my professors. We all post a lot about our field so there are lots of discussions. I wouldn't be surprised at all if they have all their students on a list that they then block from certain updates, which is cool with me, but I really like being able to speak with them outside of the homework assignment of the day. (though I mean, like any kid in my program, i only talk to them about our subject). In fact, two of them are doing my grad school references and since I post and discuss things so often, they sure know my passion for this stuff!
Who cares how big or small they are, as long as they fit in my mouth.<3
Tumblr, because it seems most of the userbase is now social justice fantatics and scary feminists.
Well, they've had a pretty good team for the past 2-4 years, they just don't know how to synchronize their injuries. 
Schaub: "So I'm going to be injured the final 5 weeks of the season. What about you guys?" 
AJ: "I'll be out from week 8 to week 12."
Foster: "Don't worry about me, I'll start the season out with a torn hammy." 
Kubiak: "All right guys, who's ready for another strong 8 weeks of football?!?!"
I'm allergic to inspirational stories. 
Also didn't he used I look similar to this? I remember seeing him skinny and scary like this in a comics well before I saw the big guy
Mitt's been practicing zingers!
I gotta say I really like your analogy here. I was very interested in this, but now I'm rethinking it.
I guess the interactive quality of it is pretty cool and can help making it 'more intuitive', but it IS expensive.
In 2004, I had just moved from New York to the Bible Belt.. that was a mistake...
Drink every time the crowd boos something.
Does it have a foreword by Johnathan Aitken?
It's not an opinion, it's fact. Tends to be like that before puberty. I doubt that anyone looks at that voice as angelic. So even if I didn't care about what (s)he thinks, (s)he would still be correct. Therefore, your comment is irrelevant. 
a knife would not get stuck fucktard
I read this first as "cut the foot off of a child" because of where the line broke on my screen. I was shocked.
It's mostly water at first, and it boils off before the fat content concentrates.  Notice putting oil in boiling water does nothing scary.
Fast food employee. I'm merely saying that if the guy was honestly upset he could get it fixed.
I looked for pictures around the world. Places I would only dream of seeing.
The strike cannon is garbage, that problem still exists. It's a terrible T3 spell compared to other casters, never gets researched cause it sucks which allows HT feedback to do insta half damage? Remove the energy or change the spell... it doesn't make sense.
Agreed... I'm still fuming over the loss, but I think that's a bit of an over reaction.  That said...  something needs to change in special teams ASAP.  That's 2 losses I attribute soley to them now.
This is a monumental question... before moving, why not spend a month traveling with the JR pass & staying in cheap hostels? Get to know the cities and people and see for yourself. If you use your US green card (if you have one) or your non-Japanese passport, you'll have no problem getting a JR pass.
Done right, the whole month can be done for $2000~
Yeah, the scary section is woefully incomplete, I know about 10 and probably could find 30 at least to add, but I've been lazy in regards to it.
You can probably tell my laziness out of the fact that the unsorted section is the largest. 
Well what did you expect... posting in enemy territory? xD
Thanks so much for your comment! I really appreciate your input and advice. Especially the part about seeing what my had likes producing. I love doing that. I have many a detailed doodle because of that. Maybe I'll post some here in a while. 
I do need to develop my own vision. I'm just a bit intimidated by the idea, though. Something to work on. 
I've started messing with watercolor for that very reason. I like charcoal, but haven't done much with it recently.
Thanks again! Art is my passion. It would hate to taint it with money.
It's the kind of welfare that the RNC can get behind.
There still are no viruses for Mac OS, Malware: yes, but Viruses no. 
Requesting Brady's face after his TD run
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
title | comnts | points | age | /r/
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[Should passed on that chain letter...](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/lulqq/should_passed_on_that_chain_letter/) | 0^coms | 13^pts | 11^mos | funny
[PROOF! Chain mails are real!](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/lu5jk/proof_chain_mails_are_real/) | 3^coms | 18^pts | 11^mos | funny
[DIED](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/lwkae/died/) | 72^coms | 879^pts | 11^mos | funny
[Died ...](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/myl0g/died/) | 0^coms | 12^pts | 10^mos | funny
[You've been warned.](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/z89fq/youve_been_warned/) | 0^coms | -5^pts | 28^dys | funny
[His final inspiring words...](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/tw1yi/his_final_inspiring_words/) | 0^coms | 17^pts | 4^mos | funny
[Share this with 10 other people or else...](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/yugvz/share_this_with_10_other_people_or_else/) | 3^coms | -1^pt | 1^mo | pics
*[source: karmadecay](http://karmadecay.com/r/funny/comments/10qa3k/not_texting_kills_too/)*
I can't wait for the TV version of this. 2013 needs to hurry up and get here!
Edit: IMDb link http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1869454/
I vehemently use the word cunt 
So the pope likes cats too. Owning a cat was on the list of things warranting a witch burning in the dark ages. Benedict's views are draconian. If gays and divorced woman pretty much automatically end up in hell, then by the same logic, cats can be satans spawn or whatever. 
This gave me a glimmer of hope, thinking that somewhere, some priest is just waiting, biding his time. Secretly plotting that moment when it´s just time to go totally holy showdown inquisition style and challenge this hypocrite, or even better test if he floats.
Hey if some douchebag is e-stalking you like this, give me a heads up. I'll make sure to keep them out of this subreddit, at least.
John Kasay is still a free agent. Get him back and let Hartley go!
Last sound in the universe you want to hear alone in your house
Just bought an MFLB and it is the greatest thing in the world. Thank you for what you do.
What business has you going to a street rod convention?
One of the *Neoscona* species.  I don't know which from just this angle, [*Neoscona crucifera*](http://bugguide.net/node/view/690264) seems to be the most common though.
I can confirm the Famous Bowel is fucking delicious. Earlier this week I went to KFC as soon as they opened and got it fresh. Fresh popcorn chicken can not be rivaled.
Probably just wondering. I was too - thinking it would be this or something about XTC. Nice ramones man. Are they OGs or reissues?
I live in Louisville too. I lost a job the day ear x-tacy closed. Lost my job because it too went under the same day. Kinda miss the place - but there's still a lot of good places. Have you been to Astro Black?
She's been in my Top 5 for years. I don't even have to click on the link to upvote Anna Kendrick.
Like the shark corvette series or literally a shark? Haha
So...you're crying because your dad is a bad speller? 
I'm not very good at the survival thing so I really can not get pasted the naked part. I would die out there. 
Oddly enough I think the highest scoring player will be the Bears D...
The cat could make a sound. Then you would know.
Air have weight you know...
You fought a brave fight, and emerged victorious. We salute you!
Now you know her even better :D
The one on the left, fuck that guy.
This is true. Do you like Carnivale or Firefly?
Oh yes because that's smart isn't it? Dumbasses
Backlight Retribution, its like a sci-fi cod but it's free.
I don't care, everyone noms on them at Halloween. No one want to admit they eat all the sugar.
"I want to play a game."
That is me walking away from my mechanics midterm tomorrow after a week of straight WoW.
I both envy your exciting life and fear for you.
The ones you linked are really not that pretty at all. I strongly suggest the recommendation from other [comments](http://www.reddit.com/r/frugalmalefashion/comments/10m9t3/casual_work_shoe_help_needed/c6ep8yz) to look at other style. 
Most likely Cannibal Holocaust.
Thanks! I put [a quote on the back of each](http://imgur.com/6LsWs) too.
It should be good to drink. The only alcohol that I know of that can go bad after time is beer and wine/champagne if not stored properly.
Morale of the Story: Do it right away
Further hint: Hentai = pervert. 
And then OP waited for it to be reposted 20 times and then he reposted it again.
Sure. 
http://jlottosen.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/tumblr_lhrk8vinke1qzr38no1_1280.jpg
I have pink, pale pink and a kind of purplish-pink 
The purplish pink ones are best for sprains.
The single most important bit of info, and you dont include it.
If your second query "doesnt work", and you're calling die(mysql_error()), then what is output?
And I honestly liked those better. It looks like frosted graham cracked knives. 
Hey remember when this was posted [earlier today](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/10p8mb/thats_it_im_done_get_me_off_of_this_planet/)
Made out with a hot dog?! That was one time!
It was Nebraska, the issue was that they didn't properly define what ages were acceptable. So people ran with that, abusing the law and abandoning children up to 17. They later rectified the issue by setting an age limit of 30 days.
Or as I like to call it: The 30 money back guarantee~
Kidding, but no really here's a [source](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/11/22/us/22nebraska.html).
Reinventing is the best album ever! That is my record that I have definitely spun the most. 
Blasphemying blasphemy you're doing it right.
WTF am I reading?
That Luigi plush is going to see some dark says when it continually falls in the sink and or toilet. 
I've been playing for 20 years and I assumed that they were active.
There might be a higher percentage of good chiropractors where you are, it may depend on state licensing, regulations, etc.  Across a few states in the US , my experience (from randomly looking it up and perusing offices) is a lot of quacks.  But when I've gone off of recomendations from friends/doctors, I've had better luck. 
A word being illegal is highly unlikely. Considering we have freedom of speech. We are talking about Texas right? It may be one of those words that select headshops choose not to say because its company policy but to use the word bong is not illegal. They prefer to substitute it for another word or phrase like water pipe in order to add credibility to their business by straying from terms that arent socially accepted in a state such as Texas.
Makes me want to go to the Chinese buffet.  And if that is wrong, then I don't want to be right! 
Felt and looked like Unity. Not sure if it was but... Source engine makes games like these shine. Shame it is absent.
Ekki núna, núna eru menn í fríi
My husband doesn't have back hair (although there are some pioneers creeping over this shoulders) but back hair does not gross me out.
when you run a 5.08 40, and you weigh that much, shit goes down. Every year, more and more lineman are running faster 40 times, and becoming so much more deadly. I'll take my team as an example. Matt Kalil ran a 4.96 at the 2011/12 combine, and Kevin Williams ran a 4.81 in the 2002/3 combine. It's insane how fast they can run, and with such force.
Taunting is now a pro strat.
I don't know, it was hard in high school all the time...
Let's just say...
I'm on the Patriots payroll
[YEEAAAHHHHH!!!!!](http://yeahbutton.com/)
Very difficult in solo queue 
Fucking awesome. All I have to say.
I just watched 26 and a half minutes of a man talking about a pen and loved it.... what have i become?
Fuck Sony.....They have no idea what they are doing and the Playstation (which I own and pisses me off on a regular basis) is a prime example of how aloof they have become over the years.
Honestly, I don't know why so many people are saying this is good. Maybe it’s just because people like to be nice. 
Anyways...So yes this colorization is *good.* Of course that is after we take the image and color correct the shit out of it.  The definition of *good* I am using is not a definition of beauty.  Your colorization simply has the correct colors in the correct place. 
Yes all the colors are in their correct places except for a few things, the weird palm tree, and the lack of color on the camera equipment behind Elvis, lack of makeup on the woman, no pink in the lips of either person, woman’s hair is a bit yellow.  But that’s it, everything else is rather good. 
So what are some things you can do to fix this image? Well you could gray out the shadows, add a blue filter, overlay the original B&W image with a Luminosity blending mode, and then add several more colors overtop, finish by changing the levels a bunch and fix the image with curves until you get something similar to this. 
http://i.imgur.com/zlTOl.jpg
The colors are full, they are blended together, and it no longer looks like a VHS recording of Happy Days. Yes most of the work of colorization is in the post production.  Although I’m sure many will disagree with me. 
Nahh pick today to look great on Defense it was AWSOME
Has anybody else tried to recreate this? Does it work?
you're painting with a wide brush right now.  I can guarantee you that there is at least ONE thing that the majority of X gender takes for granted, maybe something that isn't even paid attention to.  
I love this guy already 
The Vapir NO2. Many people have said that it beats the MFLB. Rechargeable battery and works while plugged in as well. $90 on Amazon
they look silly, and reddit is serious business
Cortana's face has never been the same...
Edit: Never mind, misread your comment as "shouldn't have used a different face model". 
Not even the very first time you heard it?
Some of those problems were real stiff. 
How the hell do you have -1 downvotes? 
Aaaaaand, now they're closed. Used to be Sports eXchange, then Wall St, or something, but they kept selling to underaged and clearly drunk people, and were shut down.
I honestly have no idea.
Am I the only one that realizes the the owner of Chick-fil-A was simply voicing his opinion? I mean sure, it was a conservative opinion, but since when does the first amendment only protect the opinions we like?
k-pax/ stranger in a strange land
/r/unacceptable is a subreddit focused purely on Rule 34 for Adventure Time characters.
Why the fuck was eric wilborn shown? he doesnt add anything.
Once is enough, amazingly enough men aren't five years old, if you tell us something once we pretty much got it. The problem with nagging is that its damn annoying and really condescending, your time line isn't any more important than his.
Never looked at em'.
lol tampa bay playing prevent defense with a 1 point lead while facing a struggling kicker. That stupid tampa bay head coach should be gone by the end of the year.
no you dumb motherfucker. like i explained in the fucking post you replied to, i edited that 'i saw him mouth clear as fuck 'fuck yeah motherfucker'" in to the OP as it was funny  and didnt notice that the line about asking if its a penalty ended up after that sentence. It was originally the last line of my post and was an editing/typographical error
 This guy quoted me like the second before i changed it, and it only looked like that for a few minutes.  Read the fucking OP that i edited correctly  a fucking hour before your post. And im raging here because im sure youre one of the 8 dumbass motherfuckers who downvote the OP just based on the title because it involves your team.  Not to mention that if anyone READS the post it isnt even critical of the falcons at all. it's a simple rules question that no one was actually able to answer, and now will never be seen.  
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN: LET'S GET READY TO FUMBLEEEEEEEEE
This is one of those few cases where the spoiler actually adds to the aesthetics of the car too. 
This is obviously one of those significant patterns I have yet to notice on Reddit.
But the one thing I do agree with you guys is some of the religions are pretty dumb and have pretty dumb ideas that are outrageous 
He looked horrible against Sodallah, why was it a good idea? I don't know why people think he's a good fighter..
No, you can blame the California voters for voting for it.  It doesn't matter how much money is funneled into a place to encourage people to vote a particular way; in the end, the election is decided by the votes.  If the People are so stupid they'll vote a certain way because of a bunch of advertisements, then the People are the ones who are ultimately to blame.
There seems to be a lot of confusion as to why I have chosen certain albums/bands and not others.
Simply put there is no mention of bands such as Shadow Gallery/BTBAM/Periphery/Mastodon/Tool/etc simply because I don't know or like enough of their music to be able to recommend anyone one of their albums.
Also, I'm removing my Symphony X recommendation because I only just realised that I don't know enough of their back catalogue to give a good recommendation.
As for some of my other picks (i.e. Scarsick, no mention of Images and Words) I merely picked the albums that I would have liked someone recommend to me. I know that Scarsick isn't a great representation of the PoS sound, but they're one of the most eclectic bands around so it was a hard choice (I love the Perfect Element).
I also tried to limit myself to two albums per band.
The lightbulb would've died.
I saw this absolutely mind blowing exhibit in 1996 or 1997 at the Anderson Gallery at VCU in Richmond, Virginia and have never seen anything like it since. It is an illusion of looping motion created by strobe lights with huge machines spinning incredibly fast. If you were to stick your hand out to touch it, your hand would be ripped off. To see what it looks like without the strobe light check this youtube clip out - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YefcmR_JDY
>And I don't see Pokémon fans shoving fanfictions and art in my face everywhere I go, so you're wrong as far as I'm concerned. Yet I was polite enough not to downvote based on agreement. You could at least give me a proper reason for why you think that, while addressing what I said in my previous post.
Translation: "Hey asshole, I'm being polite, so why aren't you? Dick"
When I was a kid in the 80s I thought I was a cool genius for combining "bad" and "radical" to make "badical." For a while I would say "That's so *badical*!" any chance I could get. It never caught on and my friends just thought I was a dork.
I have removed your submission as the source resolution is actually 1200x927. Please resubmit with the proper one listed.
I can say that, sincerely, you don't know what you're talking about. 
20 years ago, even among the palestinians, the idea of palestinian nationalism was still debatable. 
Today, even the Israeli right are in favor of a palestinian state. 
i liked the old ones better
Believe whatever you want.  Just don't push it on others.
Great idea -- another for the pages of Blizzard dev team to consider, and hopefully just give a shot so we can see how well they might work. The question to ask is "What will it take away (or ruin) from the game?" If the answer is nothing, then there's really no reason not to add it.
I think the two go hand in hand for me... when I am on my period and we can't have sex I usually get on him and help him get off, but usually my arms get tired and he finishes himself off for me, but I really love it when he has me pinned down and cums on my face and in my mouth, because I get to watch his face as it happens, and then it's so warm on my face and it doesn't taste half bad. I know he also enjoys it to though, because he know it makes ME happy as well, and when I am on my period he feels bad because he can't "please" me the right way. 
Thank you for that sir. 
Should make finding other /r/Dust514 friends easier to track down.
I'd put my money on freaked out. I'd probably do the same thing- instinctively flip my shit and pull back from the wheel/pedals.
how do you get the polish so perfectly applied?
I'm not sure. How do I check?
Yeah they did it at Nottingham as well. Good fun.
Hitler breathed air. Don't let your children breathe the air.
An entire planet is the final vault. You will fight it by jumping from spaceship to spaceship, and hit the planet's weakpoint by punching it in the balls with an explosive glove.
Melee weapons will be included. Everyone dies. Scooter gets a minigun, is suddenly Russian. Lilith gets with Moxxi. Brick rules Pandora. Mordecai owns a spaceship, and is now a bounty hunter that snipes people from the atmosphere. 
Healing hypos are replaced with steroids and other drugs. Jakobs guns now fire body parts of former employees. One of the new playable characters is a Wereskag.
...In my stupor, I realized just how AWESOME being able to play as a person that shifts into a Wereskag as part of their action skill would be.
And now I have this in my history. 
Maybe it's a Cowboys thing then. Because I only keep up with their training camps, and there's only about 5 reps a day with us.
Okay, thanks for helping out your fellow riders by posting this. Ignore the smug grammar-morons looking for cheap karma by catching a *gasp* spelling mistake.
Ding ding, ding ding, wbhyatt takes it again!
too far south.
try higher up
In Minecraft beta 1.6 there was a generation code that notch was messing with. You could download a single class file, put it in you minecraft.jar to enable this land generation, since then the idea was scraped.
Nope. I shoot CMP/NRA Service Rifle. Iron-sights only. The only glass I have is a spotting scope, and a corrective lens in my rear sight.
You should have made it Rigby and Don... giving each other the sugar.
Necessity knows no law.  
I would recommend you speak to the priest of the nearest Eastern Catholic parish you can reasonably attend.  Explain the situation.
He'd probably just tell you to attend there normally and go to a latin rite parish when you have the opportunity.  You wouldn't really be switching rites, you would just be attending a rite other than your own out of necessity.  
If it is unlikely this situation will ever change, that you will be attending this parish for the rest of your life, that would probably be valid grounds for joining that rite.  Especially if you were raising a family there.  Again, i'd just speak to the Priest and explain the situation.
-------
I know of three reasons for the statement.  
1. Some Eastern Rites allow married men to join the priesthood and we don't want married men switching rites just so they can be ordained.  
2. They want to affirm the value of the various rites and stress the importance of diversity in the Church.  You should take pride in the rite you were raised in, this is a good thing.
3. They want to preserve the Eastern Rites.  At the time there was fear Eastern Rite Catholics would join the Latin Rite in order to fit in better or out of the mistaken belief it was some how superior.  By condemning this, the council could help insure the Eastern Rites wouldn't die off.
Of these, the first is probably the least important.  There could me more reasons of which i am unaware.
Since were all just posting material to get people to break no fap September before the end of the month here is [my contribution](http://vimeo.com/43735614/)
Ahhh that would actually be pretty cool if it had Shanabans! Is is my favourite idea here.
It's an uncommon concept but it does exist in several places.  One that I can name off the top of my head is the Tipsy Crow down in the Gaslamp District in San Diego.  Most people didn't really care but my friends and I all work in the finance industry (couple accountants, couple bankers) and we were OBSESSED with it.  Got drunk for cheap, got to try Don Julio 70 for $5, Johnny Walker Green for $8, and so on.  More bars should do this!
Wait...there was a video?
School just started, and the teachers were asking for nicknames. I asked to be called wolfgang, thinking it would be the funniest thing ever. Apparently all of my classmates have no sense of humor, so I just get wierd looks. A LOT of wierd looks.
I'm a man and I am a feminist. My mind has been blown by some of the things I have learned about the female experience and by some of the things posted in this subreddit.
I don't feel bad about being a man at all. I was born that way, and not only am I not ashamed of it, but I embrace it. I enjoy being a man. It is what I am.
But being a man isn't the only thing there is. There are lots of people who are being women in the world. And they should be proud to be what they are. I have lots of loved ones in my life who are women. Many people who I care about. I want them to be able to live the fullest and most complete life they can.
I dislike the fact that many of my loved ones face disadvantage or discrimination just because of their gender. I want everything to be fair and just for them (and everyone). That is why I am a feminist, because I recognize that there is an imbalance in society. I don't want womens' right at the expense of mens' rights, but rather, in partnership with it.
There are some that say "why focus on womens' rights? Why not fight for the rights of all people, regardless of gender?" I quite agree with that. I do champion the rights of all people. However, for most of recorded history, the default position for "human" has been considered to mean "man", and women have been considered second-class citizens and not worthy to participate in the discussion. Society is largely skewed in favor of men. That doesn't mean there is a Worldwide Man-spiracy, but just that institutions and organizations are set up to favor men. Feminism focuses on the rights of women to correct this imbalance.
It's about telling the other side of the story, the female side of the human experience. Feminism is definitely focused on the female experience. And that's cool. There are plenty of other schools/philosophies/stories/customs/human-deals that have the manside. It has been fascinating to me to read and hear about the things women go through because they are women.
bullshit it doesnt
Iv done it twice so far and both times it grew back felt like i had ants in mah pants.
repost the oldest shit on reddit on cakeday
It will be difficult, but not impossible. Parents can be friends with their kids, but only to an extent - they can't just give them everything they want just because they want it.
Yeah, but they might have something intelligent to say. 
you didn't post a deck list. Thus: No idea.
Laughed before I even clicked it
Just let the free-market work slavery out
But....it's a true statement?  
You got it right, English is my third language, oftentimes I get sentence structure a bit tangled.
Yes, the oddly specific text of the meme makes it sadder than usual.
Um and the nose right? The nose was the most obvious.
Even your Poop can be like a sir!
Ed Charles, an awful man and even worse writer couldn't understand why the world wasn't fawning at his feet; while Martin Brown, an equally terrible person and Ed's eventual subject, only ever wanted to be noticed.
Tried to keep the integrity of your sentence but correct it some. Honestly, it's a little difficult because I have no clue what you're talking about. "Eventual subject"? Is Ed a psychologist or something? I'm not going to read on to find out if you answer it later because you shouldn't have me wondering off the bat.
how did you do this?
Try to look cooler. 
Because if Hitler was successful, [9/11 would not have happened.](http://wikispooks.com/wiki/9/11:Israel_did_it)
Some people lost friends and family in that attack, you stupid fuck.
Don't get me wrong, Hitler was an *asshole.* My family in England likely would have died if no one stopped him, so don't say I'm biased.
Well seeing that grandma probably isn't on r/coffee, I'll stick to my previous comment for advice. Also, I didn't suggest a more advanced technique like a siphon. I suggested a simple Aeropress. 
Totally agree! And I'd like to see more anticommunism too.
Yeah if you can get a hold of a Chelsea jersey id be will to let the barca jersey go let me know
I saw clannad after story, the best anime I have seen so far in my opinion.  Thanks for all the titles :)
Being one of the first companies to support sweat shop labor. Spending more money on marketing than research. 
Drow Mask of Madness turns you into a whirlwind of ganking death.
MoM > pop out of bush > silence >whack with arrows = dead whatever youre trying to kill.
I started out thinking I was going to be a commercial pilot. I expected to get my PPL in a year and move right on into a college flight program. 
The intro flight showed me that I had the same passion for flight that I did when I was six years old sitting in the right hand seat of my Grandfather's Seminole. 
Everyone who has said "go do an intro flight" is exactly right. But even if you start out thinking you're going to be a commercial pilot - don't be disheartened or embarrassed if you change your mind. I made it to my solo XC's before it dawned on me that while I loved flying - I also love my wife. We want to have kids. Everyone from high-time airline pilots, bush pilots, and military guys I talked to told me the same thing: Balancing your family and your career is hard. Next to impossible - said some. 
I decided it wasn't worth it. Not right now, and not for me. But that's not stopping me from flying. I stopped viewing it as an investment, and started viewing it (as some have rightly said) as an expensive hobby. It was the hardest thing I've had to own up to. That a dream of mine, which is technically within my capabilities - just isn't right for me... for a variety of reasons. 
But that doesn't mean it won't be right for you. 
TL;DR - Consider more than just your passion for flying when you consider a career in aviation. Ask yourself: What is your family life like? Do you want to get married, settle down, and raise some kids? How well do you manage stress? 
This is why we can't have anything nice.
I like how your "Puppet Master" able to "take control of an enemy champion" sounds so new and not inspired by HoN at all!
Same deal here. I love Who. The show got me through some really terrible times.
Need details, are you pulling and regulating cold air from a keezer?
This guy knows what's up. I rock an iPad for class/portability and used the rest of the money for a beast of a desktop. If OP can keep an open mind about this possibility I think he'll be thankful a year down the road.
It's not actually Team EU though is it? It's open to all of Europe.
I'm not sure I follow.  Just because you have a fiat currency and a floating exchange rate doesn't mean you won't default (or print money to severely erode the purchasing power of the bond repayments).
Ultimately, ratings agencies are charged with telling people how likely they are to get repaid.  You seem to be suggesting that there is no chance a sovereign won't repay its debts in full.  That seems...odd.
I can't fucking breathe
Yes. I thought the sound errors were just me going mad playing TR on Metis. Im glad it wasnt just me.
And thus is one of the main reasons I love WoW. It brings people together.
Not really. I prefer Sigma's 150 Macro to either of Canon's L offerings. I've also liked a super sharp 12-24 from Tamron. 
If they were both rewritten so the *base case* came before the *inductive case*, it would probably look nicer by default:
    foldl :: r -> (r -> a -> r) -> [a] -> r
    foldr :: r -> (a -> r -> r) -> [a] -> r
Because that's what (in general) folds are - how to handle each branch of a recursive data type.
edit: This also preserves the ability to partially apply in both cases.
This literally made me hit the floor with laughter. Lol
Been there, done that. I dare you to bike 60 miles on a brakeless fixie *with* a collapsed lung *and* two loaded panniers on the back.
Which one did Hawkeye operate on in M\*A\*S\*H?
I discovered that concept in Berlin last month... Beware of the hangover!!! 
>a figure of speech by which a locution produces an incongruous, seemingly self-contradictory effect, as in “cruel kindness” or “to make haste slowly.”
It is an oxymoron because it is the "best gore," but for myself (and most people) there is no best gore, because all gore is bad.
I don't enjoy it. It's a form of humiliation and most, if not all of, my partners haven't wanted to do this since they know that humiliation is a hard limit for me. Then again it could also be because they opt to cum everywhere else which is generally in me or in my mouth.
this guy is so cute.  i'd go gay for him in an instant
Check out this pdf of an Orthodox Christian zine called Death to the World. Scroll down once the page loads: 
http://www.desertwisdom.org/dttw/links/dttw-zine01.pdf
Licensed to Ill - Beastie Boys
and we will be giving up so many points we will have to chunk the ball
Yeah, if you have access to such equipment, or a ridiculous sum to start with. I assumed neither for OP. Hard work can get you just as far as money can.
He struggles to much in offline tournements to be considered the best ad carry even in NA
So Batman is either gay or incestuous. 
And I didn't know that ... which sort of proves my point? ... :/
I can hear them clinking against each other from here.
>The funniest part is that she assumes he mean being a cheerleader
Yep... She made the sexist assumption, then got all bent out of shape because she made a sexist assumption.
But it's all the mans fault, right?
I prefer the casual band tees and skinny jeans. I don't see the point of buying these expensive outfits that you're gonna wear to school to sit in for almost 7 hours. Baggy clothes are a no for me. Wear something that fits you appropriately, and make sure you're not swimming in it.
Randy Moss for most of his career. 
Do these things actually handle or what?
I hope they dont still have your parents food in their stomachs 24 hours after they've eaten it.
Tell them to get fucked.
I encourage you to try anyways if your throat recovers! :)
Zing!
Edit: Great freaking pictures, by the way.
If they could somehow do a TW game like the first you mentioned, from Sumeria all the way to Rome, that would be the end all of games for me. But Gott in Hölle would that take a lot to produce and code. I mean, the game would stay fresh due to how many factions would need to emerge, and changes in technology and such... 
Or you could have them change back to villagers/NPCs as though Endermen are other adventurers corrupted by the powers of The End.
what the FUCk was that Washington pregame collision about?
when a country is 90% one religion, you can be sure they'll be about making sure the dominant religion stays that way.  It's illegal to convert away from islam in egypt.  The sentence asked for is usually death.
If you can get SNMP out of your network devices (maybe a cheap ebay cisco switch that'll support it, then plug everyone into it), you can use [PRTG's free 30-sensor edition](http://www.paessler.com/prtg/download) to get some very nice interface usage stats.
Thought process of 90% of the US-> EU thread posters:
I hate Republicans/Christians therefore USA is a shithole. Canada and Australia seem too similar to USA to me, so those are out. All of Asia, Africa, and South America are crime ridden, developing 3rd world countries. That leaves Europe, whose southern countries are in a financial crisis, so therefore I choose Northern Europe. 
That about sum it up?
love to play with u... i was around 12xx then I lent my acc to one of my friends and he got me down to 7xx. and I have been stuck there for some time !
IGN : Geronto
Server : EUW
How is "but roads are also expensive" an ad hominem? 
They still didn't discuss the main issue with the lockout, the core economics 
Oh God, Foles would crush them down to the AFL by the 2nd Quarter if he played.
Marry me. Right meow
You can see REAL appearing in chat.
oh nooooo D: no more minerap ever until ender pearls are gone!!
lol youre being quite ridiculous as proven by sarcasm (see above)
No, this is PATRICK!
I don't know how you inferred that I was bragging.
Vick sucks! He's a good QB, but horrible person.
Leggings do crazy things to a man...
Beard + flannel = sooooo much sexy. You are simply adorable.
The fuck? Since when was violin less cool than flute? And I'm pretty sure even professional musicians who are male flautists still get ridiculed. 
I played Trombone in high school. If I hadn't also been able to sing my dorkness would have been over 9000. 
BUT WE BOTH LIVE IN NEW JERSEY RIGHT NEXT TO THE RIVER!
My music has some 8bit elements, I wouldn't mind working on a track for you if you want, in my free time.  Hit me up if you want.
http://soundcloud.com/ftriangler/worried-about-tibet
I bet in real life you pronounce  it "a whole n'other".
I loved the logic involved. "If you support Homestuck, you support the Troll regime (that is almost always portrayed as horrible and evil in every way)! And the Troll regime is based *entirely* around eugenics! Therefore, all supporters of Homestuck support eugenics."
Fix your hair.  It should be the same color (preferably natural) and trimmed neatly.
Otherwise, you need to go after men you like.  They won't turn you down.
there is no mother McCoy hasnt fucked.
Unusual sharp dresser with hearts. Because every merc's crazy for a sharply-dressed man.
[Copying myself from another thread:](http://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/zvz9v/spoiler_all_on_my_first_reread_question_about_a/c68c9sj)
Way back in 2003, Martin had [this](http://www.westeros.org/Citadel/SSM/Entry/Concerning_the_Dance_of_the_Dragons/) to say about the Dance of the Dragons:
> *Hi, short question. Will we find out more about the Dance of the Dragons in future books?*
> The first dance or the second?
> The second will be the subject of a book. The first will be mentioned from time to time, I'm sure.
So we can expect at some point there will be another war between two "Dragons". Personally, I'm entirely convinced it's going to be Aegon vs. Daenerys. Aegon's story will convince some people initially, but it won't hold up under scrutiny. Barristan especially is going to have some choice words for a "Targaryen" backed by the Golden Company.
Now what about the title "A Dance with Dragons"? Recall that AFFC was not part of the original plan for the series. ADWD was supposed to come after ASOS with a five year gap between them. The five year gap proved to be too awkward, so Martin introduced AFFC. Then AFFC went way long and was divided in two, the second half forming the bulk of what became ADWD. That means much of the content that was originally planned for ADWD *still* hasn't been published yet. That probably includes the war that the book was titled for.
Someone who can't hear anything people say ever here. I understand.
It's up to the parents really when it comes down to pursuing charges round these parts.
"Small Gods" by Terry Pratchett. Then everything else by Terry Pratchett.
So did it work?
I agree, that's quite a bulge!
Walked around with crab-apples in my cheeks so I could get apple cheeks.
I haven't had an uninterrupted lunch in months.
As an avid reader, I'd love for my wardrobe to be filled with my favorite titles. This is a great idea! 
I actually liked the music of Sting a lot as a child (and now, as much as I'm embarrassed to admit it). He almost certainly had something to do with it. Yet another one of his crimes...
A fourteen year old does have an excuse.  She's a child.  There's a reason we have a juvenile justice system. Children have not finished developing their abilities to make rational decisions and appreciate the consequences of their actions.  What she did was horrible, but she shouldn't be charged as an adult.  
Fuck I forgot how much this cover rules.
How dare you have a differing opinion than the internet AND have the audacity to be respectful while delivering it.
This seems to be true and I'm so surprised. Most of Reddit makes me feel a bit apprehensive. I'm always leery and feel like it's a game of walking on eggshells. Knowing that y'all exist really makes me feel better =)
I saw an article from Wired or Time (or someplace... can't remember, sorry!) about how how it was SO disgusting of a concept that it actually made them want to try it. I thought they actually looked good!
I was having sex with an ex. I got off of him because something didn't feel right.. the condom was missing. We looked all over the floor and bed and couldn't find it. So I'm like, it has to be in me. I reach in and didn't feel it. It was so deep in me he had to get it for me. This was one of the first times we had sex. It was so embarrassing, but we just laughed it off.
Many books are written like this.  [Tom Clancy and James Patterson](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghostwriter) both openly admit to using ghost writers.  That's a link to a wikipedia article about ghost writing BTW - there are a lot of different sources in there.  Basically, the recognizable authors come up with the story, then pay someone else to actually write the book.  It's very common.  I mean, writing a book isn't something you can do in a couple of weeks (if you want the end product to be any good), so how else can any of those "big names" put out 3-4 books/year in some cases?
Also, this post reminded me of the movie Young Adult - check it out if you haven't seen it.
>This video is currently unavailable
:[
He should have tunnel parties.
He dislocated his elbow during the summer. It's a brace.
I have a 212 EVO with a Noctua fan. It runs at full speed because it is the quietest fan in my case.
I laughed. It's been a while since I saw something that funny on reddit.
Tell me more! How did people react? How long did you keep it up? Why did you stop? (you stopped, right?)
I am not offended by the idea, I am offended by the suggestion that they belong in science class. And there are a good many people who are theists who accept evolution. Biblical creationism, especially the young earth version, is just stupid though. "Dinosaur bones were put there by God to test our faith" breaks the brain.
> I'm thankful there aren't Fellurebots. 
I'm disappointed that there aren't Fellurebots on Reddit.
Love how you can tell who's the sub by a couple having collars...
Ah, it makes the Settings Menus (at least, maybe more), be dual panel. Looks like [this](http://i.imgur.com/2Fwjp.png) on the GNexus.
YOU'RE JUST A REGULAR GUY. 
*sobs*
I haven't personally read the comics you are referring too, but if it works like all the other marvel event connected comics, then no.
Generally you have a big event, which bleeds into any ongoing comic, it usually sidetracks the current story a bit and then quickly continues with whatever plot-line they had after the event is over.
The non-main-comics often re-caps what has happened in the main event comic during the book anyway, usually via internal monologue ("Golly gee, Cap and Iron man sure are angry at each other!" etc)
Generally the most basic knowledge is necessary to understand whats happening.
Minor spoilers for civil war, the basic premise:
[](#s "Civil war is a big event comic where the superhero community is split down the middle over whether they should register and be accountable, but at the cost of their privacy.")
I normally say that my tendency to pay too close attention to detail sometimes derails the time frame I have in accomplishing a project. Then I discuss how I know it is an issue and I continually try to keep my quality and performance high while paying attention to the time. (I'm clinically OCD - this is true. It's a weakness in retail but a positive in my day job.) 
Others are that sometimes I feel intimidated when asking questions or for clarification on what I'm supposed to do. 
Always follow up a negative with an acknowledgment of it and your plan for fixing it. It shows you're thoughtful enough to recognize a flaw and proactive enough to do something about it. 
Nah, you're in too deep, man.  Think I'll pull out of this one.
An RP server, and stuff gets stolen? Does this mean I get to steal stuff? If so, I'm in.
Praying to the waffle gods.
What is "real" poker? live poker?
To be fair, this link is to something called "Center for Community Service and Justice" within a university. I do not doubt anything in higher education with name relating to social justice is going to advocate definitions like this. These centres are typically sponsored by sociology and related departments (gender, queer and ethnic studies).
But even this page would consider SRS sexist: *"Sexism is any attitude, action, or institutional practice that subordinates people because of their gender."*
Law, polisci, and education is unlikely to have overwhelming support for these concepts.
Yeah, which is why I said "shortly after the Pain arc". With the main villain gone, the story could have focused on Naruto and Sasuke again.
What's suspicious is that the whole "destroy Konoha" thing seems incredibly forced (I've tried to defend Sasuke on this before, and even I have to admit that it's very contrived) and the "Senju vs Uchiha" thing was pulled out of the blue during the Kage Summit arc.
There *is* the whole mastering the Kyuubi thing and Naruto meeting his parents, but Kishimoto could have easily written that off as some mid-battle upgrade (during the inevitable Sasuke fight) like he did with Kyuubi Mode 2.
It looks like Kermit the Frog.
This happened to me the other day, but in missionary style... I had no idea it was a 'thing'!
If somebody could somehow find a way to deliver all the craft beers from around the country, to one central location; it would be google....and i would jizz myself
His "lowest nuke amongst AP carries" is a low CD ultra long range poke, which hurts a fucking lot lategame. Also, a deathfire grasp + lich bane or rabbadon combined with ignite is enough to 1shot the AD carry.
Oh, did I mention his 4 sec CD stun, that lasts for 2 seconds. His attackspeed passive from E, which combined with high AP, blue cards and lich bane, makes him melt turrets like they are made of butter?
His ulti which reveals any enemy champion and ward on the entire map, and gives you a free half map teleport, which makes him one of the strongest split pushers in the game. You don't have to catch a misplaced enemy in order to make his ultimate powerfull.
I'm glad my foot pegs are made of good ol fashion steel, and not aluminum casting.
"Stupidest" is not a word.
Yeah that's the thing I noticed most about this vieo. It's like a choreographed 'fly-by' recording.
It's nice to set a record that involves winning at some point. Progress.
There are bars like this in just about every city in Germany.
I got to see them this summer in Minneapolis.  Ridiculously cool
Just world fallacy again. I've already told you the facts that they have abused the PATRIOT act already to do exactly what I described. There is nothing paranoid about it.
or darius. his pull is less mana than all of j4's abilities. new champs just have low mana costs.
Our Yorkie was attacked by another dog and has limited/no use of her back legs. Also have to squeeze her bladder to make her pee.
I know this feel. Therapy for her is so expensive, and it isn't even a guaranteed chance that she'll be able to use her back legs again. But she scoots along, happy, terrorizing our Westie, and out runs (or scoots I guess) my Mom when we let her out on the grass when we take the other dog for a walk.
As a completely unbiased observer with zero interest in the outcome, you should cheer for the field to open up to the bowels of Hell and swallow these teams whole.
Zero interest.
We were going to be "Arcane Masters of the Sliderule", if we ever started a band.  Our first album was going to be "Tupac and Tesla live Forever".
The only fast food I'd touch around there is Jake's. Dat's it.
I'm hungry so all I could think of is FRUITility bowl. I could go for one of those right now
It's Personal Question Day-- week-- year-- website!
Well, being as this is the expansion that's supposed to bring the game back to what BF was all about, and the fact that it features the "biggest BF map ever", I would expect more players on PC. I quit playing on PC because there's no one there and because the latest patch broke my game. Every time I start the game, the screen just flickers either red or blue, rapidly. It's not even worth my time to fix since there's only about 100 people playing A.K or C.Q.
It seems kheyoos spess mahreens are getting assault cannons now as well while still keeping their reaper autocannons. Either they (GW) have changed their mind about it being designed after Horus Heresy, or it represents the renegade marines that have become traitors later.
They also seem to be the first ones to get the flakk missiles. Fucking Adeptus Mechanicus and their Alzheimer's.
First, I am so sorry that this is happening to you. The rest of my response might feel a bit cold, but I want to be clear that I truly do feel for you.
Your complaint is not with the God of Christianity. See, the God of Christianity owes nobody anything. You are not owed healing, in fact you deserve anything that happens to you. I know it doesn't feel like that, but if Christianity is true then it is truly amazing that you are alive at all, and not simply killed for your sinful rebellion against God.
[John Piper - What made it okay for God to kill women and children in the Old Testament?](http://www.desiringgod.org/resource-library/ask-pastor-john/what-made-it-ok-for-god-to-kill-women-and-children-in-the-old-testament)
Althought it isn't necessary I think it would be cool if we started a donation for him
Our ad set "team" (we have two people do it now) doesn't replace the toppers when they change, they just put new ones in front. One time I found a 30/20/15, 20, another 30/20/15, sale, bonus buy, kohl's cash, and bogo all behind the same sign.
Firstly, hope you're enjoying your drunkenness :) 
Secondly, going to church is scary for me now because of the extreme control and brainwashing.  
Lovely everything - but I really want to see those lips... mmf.
Oh man, this made me giggle.
It's ALSO an endorsement for slavery, but whatever. I'm sure he's fine with that bit, too. 
News agencies must *play the role* of this being a terrible thing. If they play the role good enough, any complaints will be minimized.
Police chases of any type are ratings GOLD. They walk a fine line - they can't appear to get too eager about it to prevent them being seen as encouraging it or putting people at risk by covering it, but inside the offices, they know it's fantastic for the bottom line.
/Been in the newsroom, seen it happen. 
edit: to be clear - I was in the newsroom when a chase such as this happened - everybody went into this odd dual-personality thing, where one side of them was a concerned, caring, empathetic person concerned about the situation, only barely hiding the excited, jackal-like blood-thirst and ready to exploit the hell out of it for their own gain, hoping the end was gruesome and horrifying to ensure they get more out of it. The further away from the camera lens they were, the less of an act they had to put on for the others.
Personally, the thing that bothered me most was the 'caring, serious act' they put on for the viewers. Be bloodthirsty ratings-whores - I have no problem with that; but at least be honest about it. That ridiculous faux-caring bullshit act is just insulting.
Yes.
Regardless of cost, the attention and feedback can be priceless.
You're talking about the little snow whale next to the AT-AT, right?
I am looking at their website and I am impressed...
Geddit? Cause Y^0 (dunno how to subscript) is pronounced "why naught." Nevermind...
This made me laugh so fucking hard.
Reddit.com/r/LGBT 
On the right there should be "submit a link" just like this sub. Copy/paste the text. 
I get checked. If I worried about the potential effects of everything I do or did over my life, I wouldn't have much time for anything but worry. Not worth it.
As with any health issue, If it happens, I will deal with it one way or the other.
Bottom line is really that None of us get out of this alive, maxed out in 120 years. Enjoy it. Life is Good.
Just dont do anything to make it tougher than you have to. Smoking, Drinking, Drugs other BS. Just makes it harder.
Needs a red dot, magnifier, acog, hybrid flipsights, bayonet and a peq15 with a flashlight attachment. With a vert grip, magpuls, and a angled fore grip too for extra stability with a bipod and some ris and also you need a cqb bungee one point sling.
Yes, there are two other pictures here http://imgur.com/a/BzQiP
I went from Fuzion HRI's ($350/set) to Bridgestone Potenza's ($620/set). The HRI's lasted 40,000 km, the Potenza's just cleared 60,000 km and haven't even needed a rotation yet. I also find that my traction is a whole lot better, I spun the HRI's a lot more often under hard acceleration. 
And couldn't beat us with your starter! LOL
Most Christians are very loving towards gay people. As the bible says to hate the sin, not the sinner, we don't necessarily support the homosexuality, but a true Christian does not hate the person themselves. The reason we don't support it is really that even in the new testament there is scripture showing that homosexuality is not something God wants in his righteous people. 1 Corinthians 6:9-11 is an example of that. 
I hope I helped(:  
Move to Newfoundland...the last movie I saw was "The Shipping News".  It was the right movie, at the right time, for the right state of mind that I was in.  
"The Greatest Show on Earth" isn't exactly an easy read.  
did they give a reason for why they rejected you? I want to do this hit but now I'm wary...
My brother did this for Skyrim.
That is so. unbelievably. hot.
Man...The Phins are like a step away from being a great team.
Making money is stupid!
I noticed this playin with my buddy last night. First session I couldn't see boss/champion health bars, then next session he had the same problem. 
He isn't exactly "completely unknown" - he does voices in like half (or more) of all animated shows and movies.
and ABSOLUTELY NO ONE was complaining about Brees' throws. They were complaining about the bullshit calls or no-calls against our team.
Jesus, where do people get off on this high-horse bullshit?
OH GOD! The man looks exactly like my dad and the woman is DEFINITLY not my mom!
I like that your New Belgium shirt reads "ANGER" in this photo.
Also a bar in Kalamazoo, MI with the same concept. Went there once and it was a pretty cool experience.
How do they do that?!
It causes fights occasionally, but generally everyone is tolerant of their team preferences. Despite being divided by different team allegiances we are all brought together by our love of the sport. 
lol, I linked to /r/rabbits in the word rabbits if you didn't notice.
I entirely disagree with your assessment!
1. Underwater skill's damage isn't useless. You might do less damage with your #1, but you do it in AoE. Which is more useful even, imo, because.. Well, that's the second point. We'll get to that. The spear? Ofcourse spear isn't all based around condition. That's the point - One favours conditions, the other favours non-condition builds. Can't just leave power-necros out, can we?  
I'll note as well, spear #3 ability is useful as fuck, whether you're conditionbased or not, and spear #5 actually does help for condition builds. Just like trident #4 is useful, condition build or not, and #5 is high damage for a power-based build.
2. Lots of mobs. This isn't so much a problem, as a change of pace; you're more suited to killing mobs AoE, and you pull more mobs. This isn't too much of a problem in terms of me getting overwhelmed and dying, generally; there's a few exceptions to this rule, but I'll blame those locations, not underwater combat.
3. I disagree for the most part. I actually really, *really* expected the whole "new skills underwater" thing to suck, when I tried this game. Gimmicky, crap, eh. But having tried it out and gotten used to it, I actually like it! They've got new things they can do with skills, which they couldn't on land; think sinks and cages. A lot of AoEs are impractical and not so great underwater, too, so some weapons just wouldn't work there (Staff, for necro, underwater? Come on.)  
I have found kiting to be incredibly easy. I kited that champion hylek event mob in malchor's leap for like 20 minutes before more people turned up, and we took it out with 10. I couldn't even use my #3 ability through it, or death shroud #2, since it absorbs poison. There are a few mobs that are exceptions to the rule, but generally, it isn't really harder than on land; if anything, I've found it easier. I'm also not getting you saying underwater dodge is useless; I'm finding it fine.  
I kind of wish there was a "swim down" key though, just like jump swims up. Maybe I'm just missing something there though.
TL;DR - I think a lot of your issues with it are there for a valid reason, and make perfect sense when you think about them. I feel you're blowing it out of proportion. Get in there with the mentality of "fuck it, pull everything and AoE it down", and you'll enjoy it a bit more - that's my advice, anyway. I'm having a blast there, especially as condition necro - Way more than I did with power build!
I WANT TO BELIEVE!
I love when websites take my Gif and add their logo...
No, this is when you say it was all part of you're brilliant plan. 
The song writing isn't questionable you just don't like it. That is different than the way you stated it. I don't even listen to his music either but I know the kid can sing. Your comment was leading to some implication that he cannot sing so that is why I said something. The truth is always the truth even when someone doesn't like it. 
They're not actually fetching it so you could throw it back... In reality they're showing you their favorite toys, and you keep throwing it back, which hurts their feeling because you're not appreciating their toys as much as they want you to. So stop throwing things in the house!
Wub wub wub was my first thought. Shirley, I don't even like wubstep!
Been answered a few times, but still a good question.
He was returned to human form when the universe got rebooted..
It's awesome,  and I'd totally buy one,  let me know!  
I think if he started liking them now, though, he'd be the definition of a bandwagonner.
Time to find new friends.  Or put some leaves in some tea and tell em it's mint tea as payback.
I loved the character of the lesbian cop on the Wire. I think her relationship was handled exactly the same as hetero relationships were on the show. I guess it stands out because it is so seldom!
I wouldn't say I'm advanced and I'm positive Ewk probably couldn't give two shits about me agreeing with him. I get where you're trying to come from about no beginners or experts on the path, but you can't say there is no difference between a Master and a student. If there isn't then why aren't we all on the pulpit?
It'll be more exciting to open them when we get them if we don't know what we're getting! Deep breaths. 
I laughed so fucking hard at this...
Intersection 3. "Home of victory"
Giant Fighting Robot Gangsters.
...It was *ironic*.
"He was finger printed, photographed and booked for aggravated assault" seems to be quite clear to me
Thanks :D it's one of my favorite cars...pictures can't capture just how curvy it is in person. 
The boy in the striped pajamas
[Depends on who you read](http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/politics/2012/09/libya-attack-five-guards-protected-slain-ambassador-chris-stevens/)
I would place ABC's credibility over MotherJones.  Of course, I could post the WSJ article, but that would have almost as little credibility as MotherJones.
Yes, pretend to be Canadian, because we aren't going to know the difference and we'll like you better.
You were very quick on the draw with that camera then, my friend. 
Same way you always make folders on an S3. Just drag an icon on top of another icon to group them. 
I own him in 2 leagues. He's absolutely killing me.
THis was a massage video. They clearly used a fish in place of my back and neck. Only explanation I can find for this overly love and slow video about fish preparation. 
The original version of this thread's title was
> [Sunday Fail Thread] Once again it is Sunday, this time during Olympia weekend. Can you beet Kai with your failure this week?
It's more subtle than that. I don't suggest that people should go around telling women how to be more attractive. However there is the cultural idea of "big is beautiful" and "fat acceptance" which I disagree with. The idea that it is rude to tell a woman she has gained weight even when asked directly lets them live in a bubble of societally encouraged self deception. I understand that these ideas are a backlash to marketing pressures to be skinny which ruin self esteem and lead to eating disorders, but neither is the right path. You cannot correct a problem by overcorrecting it.
Legion, there most likely to take on the Thalmor.  
Thought I added it. [Here it is again: ](http://pastebin.com/9pGy8zcR)
They do eventually learn the routine and it stops being surprising. Time takes the edge off, but that doesn't really make it easier.
I'd suggest a desktop, good ones are cheaper than laptops of the same power.
How many fights have you won?
Because, None of them were smart enough to go to my college >_> And I live in apartment by myself?
I go to school to learn, not socialize.
EDIT: And I'm not being a douchebag, I mean none of them are smart.. (I grew up in a bad area, where only a few actually could go to college.) Let alone, the ones who did get out like myself are off somewhere else.
There's a huge difference between an agent "trying to stir shut up deliberately" and an agent, undercover, keeping tabs on anyone who purchases explosives materials.
Also, I am familiar with it. And I think it's absurd to put quotations around the words "terror plot". Since it was a terror plot.
Why do people think Canada has an immunity from terrorist activities?
i'm sticking my dick is crazy because the last thing i killed was a psycho in borderlands 2
No, she started going for older guys. You prevented Anton your age from approaching her.
I'm honestly not sure. That one really confused me too :/
lol, non of us are in the 1000 elo,but needless to say, it was a hilarious mistake!
Damn it TI, you troll. Nice to see you out in this lovely thread.
like he gives a bother about you giving a bother about him giving a bother. 
If it fits I wildly speculate.
I feel part of the problem is that TSM are constantly playing vs other teams the play mostly standard. They just became the best at what they play against. I feel if TSM went to Asia they would have learnt much more than Dig or CLG na. And they probly would have a slightly different play style.
I read the title as Rat Fapper...
Rain is really really good, obviously. However, I do not know if he is caught up to the level of Taeja yet. I know how the ro16 went, but a finals has so much preparation in it that I have to give Taeja the edge. I can't help but think that maybe up until that point the GOM players had been paying insufficient attention to Rain. Now that he has their respect, they will watch his games and do better against him.
Of course, this is all speculation. I can't wait for the games to show us the truth!
Super Bowl.  
hashtagthankyouthatisall.
EDIT:  But yes.  That did happen.  And it was embarrassing.
4, 4, 100-200, 17, Porsche infiniti mazda honda, blue silver blue gold, absolutely love all of them other than the honda, and il
European anti-semitism is primarily driven by muslim immigrants. 
I have you ranked as 1A and 1B on this site
As long as you pronounce your user name leff-tenant...
I said you told me my comment was stupid, which is exactly what you did, then you claimed to not have said anything was stupid, which is simply false. I keep replying because you keep asking me questions and making false statements. I am totally blown away by the fact that you keep picking apart my wording as though I need to change the way I write out my opinions, when you keep writing poorly written sentences that don't mean what you think they mean, and frankly, you state your opinions as fact as well - I don't know how you can miss that while giving me shit about it, without being pig-headed.
If someone replied to you with comments as irritating, hypocritical, and inane as these, you'd keep responding too, in hopes that maybe the person would hear what you're saying, read his own comments, and maybe stop annoying the fuck out of people in the future, or at least not while making the same "offenses" as he is berating you for.
By the way, the word you're looking for right there at the end is "to", not "too". *[This PSA brought to you by Dictionary.com.](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/too)*
Add the word "replacement" in front of the refs and you have a controversy! 
The Dulux dog his mahoosive.
I wore a magnetic earring in my left ear, I am a male.
Sysco is open to the public.
It feels horrible, yes.
I was raised in a very family-centric home.  It was also very co-dependent, but I didn't realize this until much later.  
My mother is very manipulative and overly selfish.  She uses guilt to get what she wants from just about anyone she can.. from my father, from her current husband and step-kids, from my sister.. and for a long time, from me.  It wasn't until I saw her start to wheedle her way between me and my immediate family that I started to get to the point where the stress and emotional cost of having her in my life outweighed the guilt I felt for cutting that cord.
The day after my wedding, she sent me a 2 page (screen) long email detailing all of the things we did wrong.  That was kind of my breaking point.. that even my own wedding had to be about her and the things she wanted instead of what I wanted.
From that day for about a year, the communication got less and less until everything ended abruptly in a huge fight.  She was beating the hell out of me emotionally, I was refusing to bend to her wishes.  That was the end of frequent communication.
She lives about 7 hours away.  We still stop and visit for an hour or two when we go back, mostly so she can see my son.  She still comments on my stuff on FB and I let her.  I haven't had a conversation with her for about 2 years now and I don't really foresee that changing.
Would I prefer to have her be an active part of my life?  Yes.  But when the toll it takes on me puts as much stress as it did on my other relationships, it's absolutely worth living with the guilt of not including my mother in my life.
Ruff Ruff *angry bark* Ruff Ruff
Holy shit Chris' bass tone on Uprising is unreal!
Not in the redzone.
Well, assuming you are asking a serious question: Of course it makes sense to divide the political process into groups with similar ideological leanings and a common platform. This is the most effective way for people to express their political preferences in a representative system and for politicians to govern once elected.
Or, if this is an intentionally vague rhetorical question: this is quite silly. The existence of political parties does not necessitate that politics be divisive to some unreasonable level. And furthermore, Non-multiparty political systems have shown themselves able to be just as fractious -- if not more -- then party systems. 
Even the signature has Fart in it.
Being diabetic, I always bring in sugar free snacks, but the kids always want sodas. It's just a rip off, especially now that they're splitting screens into smaller rooms and smaller screens. Screw it, I'm staying home.
Awesome! I've emailed back and forth with Steve and they seem like some good peoples.
No problem, at least I helped one person
Crayola.com 
I was about 8
He won't even play until after the all star break, and will have a limited role going forward from there. Can probably pick him up really late or cheaply. 
Herp...thanks, I'm a dope, thought I sent a private PM. 
there may be other ways to create fixed points in time, but it's pretty explicit that upon learning the future it can not be changed, which makes sense as otherwise you would have paradoxes.
Lol no, I meant it the opposite way around, More that I made the comment *because* of my sexual orientation
Now you're speaking their language!
I want to buy this even though my listed device isn't compatible, since I'll be upgrading soon. Any idea how?
The hardest part of getting older (48) is realizing you didn't appreciate how f*ing awesome life is!  I wake up everyday in anticipation of what's coming next.  If there is a regret it's not appreciating what a gift every day is.  The past it gone, the future isn't guaranteed, the only time you really have is now.  
This thread is full of people complaining about this or that. Focus on how things are right now.  5 minutes from now may not happen.
Very sexy strip tease ;D
This is pretty much straight from the camera. I cropped it slightly and did some light curves to bring up the blacks. Shot with a 7D @ 300,0 mm;  1/320; f/7,1; ISO 100.
* Wallin, Nils L. *Biomusicology: Neurophysiological, Neuropsychological, and Evolutionary Perspectives on the Origins and Purposes of Music.* Stuyvesant, NY: Pendragon Press, 1991.
* Mâche, François-Bernard. *Music, Myth and Nature, or, The Dolphins of Arion.* Trans. Susan Delaney. Philadelphia: Harwood Academic Publishers, 1992.
If you are going to the AMS/SMT/SEM national conference in New Orleans on Nov. 1, there is a paper being delivered there:
* Francesca R. Sborgi Lawson (Brigham Young University), “Has Ethnomusicology Met Its Calling? An Ethnomusicologist’s Response to Biomusicology”
I was also able to find [this](http://www.zoosemiotics.helsinki.fi/zm/welcome.htm) weird little website on zoomusicology.
That's just from some basic Google fu, though—I don't really know anything about these fields, so I'm afraid I can't answer any questions :(
I do also know that AMS has an ecomusicology study group. I don't know how tied in (if at all) ecomusicology is with bio- or zoomusicology.  Here is the ecomusicology AMS group website: http://www.ams-esg.org They also have a list of resources: http://www.ams-esg.org/resources
True, but she was only briefly in it, so much so that you're like "her?"
Actually, it's very much like when they changed from the first actress who was playing Egg.
I bet, I have to read some stories for French, when I'm done I'll be sure to check that out!
>Moxxi Cosplay (borderlands ~~2~~)
FTFY
Did you have a good time?
Would you give your own life for one?
I think they'll give Mark at least one more week. I never thought they'd bench him but I also didn't expect him to look like this...
I SAT HIM!
Oh well.  I'm started VJax and Miles Austin, so it was only a small step down from Colston to VJax's production.  Hope Miles doesn't suck it up.
It's still totally different, you were barely there when Red and Blue first hit the western world.  You know not the excitement that buzzed throughout America when Pokémon first came out.
Thank you for you response. He's not someone I just want to give up on so I really want to get him the help he needs. You've given me a lot of suggestions and I will definitely take your advice. Thank you again. :)
Kill Mr. Boddy and hide the revolver and run from the Conservatory and join the others. 
Freehand with a brush, while looking at the back of the box.  I touched it up a little after assembly for continuation at some parts.  I painted the whole thing with a brush. 
Of course he will be able to jungle, just much less efficiently/quickly ( which was the problem ). Hence the nerf. 
Very nice, stemless inline perc and a 8-arm tree perc hidden behind the label?
Also, correct me if I'm wrong, but did Zob Glass get sold to some company? I don't keep track of all the players in the glass game, but that's what I heard from others.
Holy crap.  If you wrote a blog on fantasy match ups, my entire day would be spent reading what you wrote.  I would love it.
AHHHH! I'm giddy with excitement!!! 
Yes, and let's just say, your name is ironic.
Makes me sick as in want to vomit.  Hate on candy corn.
That's why you drive east for 30 minutes and enter a winter wonderland surrounding yourself by 11,000' jagged mountains jetting up into the sky, trees as far as the eye can see and some of the most snow in the world that's as light and dry as almost anywhere else on this earth.
I'll be there the 4th! WOOP!
Ya know what, I don't wanna know how you know that.
Pakration, or Greek wrestling, was less wrestling and more "two naked dudes beating the shit out of each other, occasionally until one of them died."
don't use your real name 
I think a "consciously" is implied.
Cool, I'm Liam Neeson... in *The Grey*
It's part of his style ;)
Keep drinking friend, enjoy it!!
Sure hope you're not right about the age or I'll be too old 1 day before we have to play WC groupstage...
Also, 1650 is far above average afaik
Sorry for having to ask but who is TRD?
Alright man. Entering your code!
It's all about fun. Gas cylinders and fun.
Perfect, ill see if there's any of those stores close by. None at the walmart I was at today...
Ah, the reddit hatred of TBBT. I upvoted you at least.
Started teaching myself (and doing) hang cleans, front squats, high pulls and OHP to add more upper body to my current routine.  I just came back from taking a week off due to shoulder pain, and surprisingly my shoulder felt *better* after these exercises. I also started teaching another girl to powerlift!  She was sore for two days and very excited to do more this week!  Oh and I biked 120km for the first time.  What a busy week!
I just finished watching [Between the Folds](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrAHSlZ2ku8) and [Being Elmo](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-t7FxgbhQE).  Both were devoid of sensationalism and visual effects.  I think you may need to find a different subject of documentaries to watch.  
I'm Canadian. Couldn't help but cheer for the Europeans mostly. Happy with the ending
Johnny in To The Moon. If you don't cry for that, you're not human.
Best serious gameshow on the telly right now (except Only Connect).
I believe in you!
It's like the jazz of the universe
My GF and I had such passionate sex that she cried tears of joy.
The funny thing about that is that Forrest and Lt. Dan couldn't have gotten rich off of Apple during that time frame, but if you had invested in Apple when the film came out in 1994, your investment would be worth 100 times that amount today.  
This looks like a better list because it also explains why/where they are banned.
The Beatles broke up because of musical differences. They couldn't last forever. Each of them (mainly John and Paul) wanted to do different things musically. Paul enjoyed touring (as you can tell from his solo career) more than any of the Beatles, especially John. Paul or Yoko did not have a major impact on their breakup.
In all fairness, OP stole the picture too so.....
If you have an e-reader, this nice person is offering free e books [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/RandomKindness/comments/10q896/offer_books_in_the_kindle_format_round_3/)
I used to put aluminum foil in my mouth so it looked like I had a grill.
Those got banned at my school for being obscene.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Looper! Time travel, BOOM! 
So the title format rule is up on the side. If it gets messy I will set it to self posts.
especially when we got robbed of that fumble rec on the KR
>Fuck you
Have a nice day.
you could benefit from apply more "brickwall" limiting to your mix, with this kind of processing it will sound better (louder) on laptop speakers, headphones, smaller form factor speakers like auratone and ns10 and larger 10-12"+ speakers
I have a different opinion about that. 
Stop attacking me because I have a different opinion. 
/irony
For the record, I'm a 'she'. ಠ_ಠ
That would make sense
I have been under the impression that it is Dick.
Well, you could start posting a link to the video you want us to check. ;)
Can you elaborate? What challenge?
I despise these "**Let's call her S**" / "**Let's call him V**" shortcuts.
This wall of text is harsh to read.  Minimal punctuation, poor grammar.
****
**TL;DR**
OP had sex with a gal, they broke up but stayed friends.
Two years later, OP's best friend has a rough sexual relationship with that gal, but break up and remain friends.
Recently, OP breaks up with a long-term girlfriend and wants to have sex with his former lay, so he asks his best friend for permission. The best friend refuses, but the OP and his friends use peer pressure to intimidate him, to which he relents and grants permission.
The OP has now been having sex with the original gal, of which she wishes to keep secret to the friendgroup. Somehow, not even the best friend knows this.  The OP wants the gal to tell his best friend that they're having sex, but she gets emotional and upset.
OP wants to know if OP is being a dick for not telling his best friend that he's been having sex with the gal that he intimidated the best friend into granting permission to have sex with the gal with, because the best friend has a strong emotional attachment to the gal.
"Am I breaking man law here?"
Drink as much water as you can before going to bed (like a pint, dont be a dick and drink a swimming pool), make sure you have eaten a good dinner not too long before the drinking starts (weirdly tinned soup and bread is pretty good for this), have a berocca tablet in water the next morning, and have a big fat greasy mcdonalds. after that im perfect.
I  like how the only time that Arizona is put on the front page is when someone commits suicide and Justin Bieber vomits. 
I don't get it though -- they have a legislative remedy. Why are they wasting courts' time with this?
In the rest of the world, I'd imagine people can't just go into court and say, "I don't think this law is just, and I base that on a bunch of gibberish."
Here you can't buy it at all on Sunday... unconstitutional, but don't tell that to a Christian.
I would much rather be attracted to twice as many people, have twice the chances of finding a 'soul mate,' have twice the opportunities for relationships, twice the potential sexual experiences, etc.
Why would I only want to be attracted to a smaller group of people? Comparatively, I wouldn't want to be attracted to _only_ 30-year-old, black-haired, computer-literate, math professor mothers with tattoos, a specific breast size, and an interest in all things Nintendo. The odds of me finding someone who fit that criteria are astronomical. The more people you find to be acceptable relationship partners, the better, as far as I see it.
I don't know a lot of people do treat their parents for granted.  I used to know this kid in middle school who would always curse out his mom and everything and she would always come back and do whatever he wanted.  It was very sad to watch.
PC version's modding capabilities are **very** limited. You can change textures for higher resolution ones, but you've got to use TexMod tool - even if you change just 1 texture, loading time is not something you'd like to experience while doing playthrough. ME2 loading times were below 10 seconds for me, ME3 were below 5 seconds. After adding high-res Tali, I had over 5 minutes loading every time I changed area.
It's also the fact that dogs are completely innocent. There is likely nothing that dog ever did that was wrong or hurt anyone else. All it ever did was love people and obey them.
Your reddit account usually won't show up under a search for your real name.
Joining the military for college is a legit reason, but the military is a commitment. You will be expected to meet a standard, and the Marines are really big on standards from my limited dealings with them. Also, depending on how close your job takes you to the front lines usually has a bearing on how much discipline there is in a unit. My time in the Army, I've seen hardcore soldiers to lazy fatties.
Deployment is kind of a crapshoot. You can game the system and try to get an easy deployment to Korea or not even deploy ever. If you're in a good unit, you will never be bored.
I take it you're a freshman, do more research. There are a variety of jobs in each of the branches, and possibly something you might want to continue past your enlistment. Do not sign anything from a recruiter unless you are 100% sure.
Cover 1.  Control the deep safety and dont press if your corners suck at it.  Zone coverages suck this year.  
3.4? Hah!  Cali here bitches.
You're a YouTube partner that blocks other YouTube partners from making money, that's nice! DFTBA!!!! Ad block is bad.
If you can't tell the difference between the two, then I will not be able to effectively explain the decision further to you.
This is officially incontrovertible proof that Reagan was the worst president of all time.
I'm not getting it... Oh wait I am blind. Well, if all of the kids are doing it... ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNO SHEEP!... I guess...
Thanks everyone for your ideas, I'll come up with a better reply taking the high ground. 
It was a lot of help to calm me down.   Thanks all 
Once in awhile redditors admit they're only human.   
Runic,
I've never played Diablo 3, so I can't make any comparisons.  All I can say is that Torchlight 2 is awesome fun.  TL1 was good but TL2 was better in almost every way.  I love it.
Not if you want to stay in the server you won't
Oh well that makes sense. You could PM I guess.
for that yes, but the GPU... :?
My roommate's friend (who came over every single day) was like this.  I discussed it with the roommate and we both agreed that 80% of the stories this guy told were made up or exaggerated.  It was like he felt the need to constantly impress and one up everyone else.
Anyway, my solution was to play the game myself.  I would just act unimpressed by everything he said, or one-up him with my own BS story.  He would get pissed and leave half the time.  Success.
I do indeed. I see no point though.
i've seen a lot here on the metro in nyc. everything from people puking to shitting themselves. somehow though when i think about it i have not seen a person shirtless yet... maybe in tattered clothes but not shirtless. 
This si reddit, not craigslist.
It's been ~5 years since I've seen that movie, but my understanding was that they weren't actually an underwater civilization but just aliens that were residing there?
because you don't want one. you can get one for a pittance.
I'm not sure how I was supposed to realize the details you hadn't yet specified. This is the first time you've mentioned weightings at all in this thread, for instance.
It seems pretty weird to me to say things like 'dafuq' when you haven't even come close to explaining what the person is missing. You just talk very, very, very vaguely and then complain when people don't infer all the unsaid details and proofs of what you think is true.
I was brought up to use a [cake fork](http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=cake+fork). It just feels wrong to eat cake with my hands. Especially to break up a cake like that, spreading crumbs everywhere.
A normal fork will suffice if a cake fork is not available and If I were to find myself in a situation devoid of forks, my hands will just have to do.
[even more (could spoiler movie 7 a little bit)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXvfW_3PmFY&feature=related)
Go to a career fair and talk to people.  This is one way of getting past blanket resume requirements at larger organizations.  Places that get 1000s of applications a month put those requirements in place so that they can filter out people they're not interested in.  If you talk directly to a company's recruiter about your experience, you can bypass the first couple rounds of elimination just by making a good impression.
We are mostly out of Afghanistan. That ought to save a lot of cash.
We have rotting submarines that should be scrapped. 
The F35's are the cons boondoggle. Nothingnwe can do about hat because pride is on the line.
We need to be ready for the next Haiti disaster. We all know it's coming. It'll be an earthquake or a hurricane or some warlord or some shit.
Should be ready for that.
it looks like the scene from Black Swan... you know the one
Nobody's doing that because they know he would just say "But I'm Cuban so that's not even possible. I just think Cuban Spanish is dirty like Boston English because [insert language myth]".
There is a laundrobar near my school, but the three universities I went to had dry campuses.
You look beautiful - and that's not even a particularly accurate picture of how cute as shit you are.
Everyone turns into Rarity when hats are involved, I think.
Yeah, in actuality I was giving great advice, you're welcome
If you don't mind me asking how old are you? In your after picture you look so much younger than your before picture. Good job! :)
Yeah, I hit 20 not too long ago and I've just barely gotten back enough IP for a new champ now.
Tier 1 runes are dirt cheap, though.
Ah, who would have guessed that Gamestop could breed a college know-it-all. Eric Cartman warned me about you. Are you a freshman? Maybe a sophomore..In any case, life never ceases to amaze me. People like you are the reason I don't need to watch television for my entertainment. 
First off, you're wrong. And second off, you're wrong. Have a nice day, stay in school but try not to take it too seriously.
Incest in Africa.  Some tribes cultures promote reproducing with family members.  They are genetically so fucked up some are born without limbs.
...That's your comment? If you look at this TED talk, he's a good enough speaker when prepared. Under the circumstances, would you not expect him to be acting just a tad differently?
If you're expecting the Saints to win the Super Bowl this year then, yes, it's time to panic. If you want the team to play out their hobbled season with dignity and class, then there's still hope. 
For me it's the surgery that is the turn-off.  
I'm just kind of skeeved out by the nature of the surgery and how the neo-vagina is constructed.  The fact that it's an inverted penis that I'm fucking.  The mental image would just be a boner killer, for me.  No offense to any post-op women.
That said, I am bisexual and would be fine with a pre/non-op transgirl.
Woot San Fran specialty! (If you know what I mean)
The most recent video game person I've defeated(not killed) was Champion Cynthia in Pokemon Platinum, so that would be okay.  
I guess when the 40km/h rule goes into force in the CBD, there could be a case for no helmets while there. But getting to/from anywhere else in melbourne is a long way, so we go fast, and we go on roads that are not built for bicycles, so I've never begrudged a wearing a helmet. Especially when I came off after slipping on oil into a dreaded tram track!
ive never heard hipsters use anything remotely close to the phrase "it's just noise" derogatorily. and i've never heard hipsters outright dismiss the entire genre of metal. why else would liturgy exist. 
I am always saying not to attack Anvil. The problem is, you guys attack us as well. I was in WvW last night, and we would take something and either NSP or Anvil Rock was always right there to outnumber our small group and take it back, or at least try. As far as on Eternal BG, it is the orb bonus, for one thing. But it also is lack of organization. I called for a big group to come with me to a more northern tower, and I get maybe 8 people tops. The rest just keep running into cannon and mortar shells in front of the keep.
I also like that the only mod on a mounted .50BMG would be a threaded barrel. put a large nut on the choke and you can mount it/pull it off in seconds flat to go from standard AP/HE/etc rounds to ssb. very neat idea
Holy shit! He's committed, I'll give him that.
had your boss also experienced similar instances in that location?
Can someone link to the original without any cropping?
Has anybody seen House of 1000 Corpses? He really reminds me of the old dirty grandpa in it.
I saw an interview with Hogan a while back and the interviewer asked him about HTM and Hogan said "He's just trying to keep himself alive." It cracked me up.
Decent shot, I don't know about amazing save.
What would feel worse for, sitting in a hospital bed feeling like a pussy and a victim or being safe and sound after protecting yourself.
You feel bad because society tells us to never hit women, but women are just as capable of killing someone as a man.
everyone on the six feet under finale
There's an official week 4 gif thread. Keep checking that.
You shouldn't get hate for this.  As I said elsewhere I'm really interested in regional/national differences in spelling but I don't pretend one is some kind of Platonic ideal.  The reason Canadian English typically uses "re" has as much to do with France as it does the UK, for example, which is interesting but has no qualitative measure.
Having said all that, when I was in school all the English textbooks (and many of the texts) were printed in Canada and our spelling differences were always pointed out to us.  Canada was always kind of a stickler for its spellings.  Clearly that has changed, which isn't surprising.  That it did so without my noticing (my mum's a teacher - I'll have to ask her) does surprise me.
You're assuming he won't. Are you absolving Obama of all guilt?
Prospective, yet slightly racist. Nice. 
The OP's solution is a great LifeProTip.  Your solution is just a LifeLazyTip; there was nothing pro about it.
I heard L died and there's some guy named Light posing as L.
Did you know that BUDDHISTS committed unprovoked religious genocide in Burma against Muslims?
Just not a 'sexy' pick like Irelia, Jax, Rumble etc. Very strong, good pick against almost everyone.
Who's in my mouth
It works differently for different people. I interpret it to mean that artificial sweeteners are not necessarily harmless.
If it actually was a test member, they're not allowed to scam other people from reddit, I believe?
Chaos was not created by humans just shaped by humans to what it is in the 41st millennium .
Fucking love those podcasts. 
I'm 18 and from Brazil. I already know you're canadian, but how old are you?
This is part of TL's overview for S2 titled " The Calm Before The Storm". It's already on the front page, no need for two different post of the same content.
Same in Ikea here.., they have those three oranges at the top, but they are there for the effect just a prop
What armor is that exactly? It looks supah sweet btw
I remove my ID3 tags. I only use filename. (Circle) - (English Song Name).
I remove it because I hate programs that sort and organize using the ID3 tags, or make unnecessary changes because of those ID3 tags, so I just remove it all and use filename. 
My freedom of speech is more important than your freedom of religion. Not all people believe in religion; but everyone deserves a voice 
I will definitely try this. Dry combing is definitely a culprit as well, since my hair is prone to tangling badly, so I will follow your advise. Thank you!
It still makes my lip quiver just thinking about it...
This took courage, RocketDog. I admire your boldness for God. 
(Matt. 5:12) 
I know what you meant, I was disagreeing in a joking way. 
I think that [Lodi v. Lodi](https://a.next.westlaw.com/Document/I3dba1ac1fa9811d99439b076ef9ec4de/View/FullText.html?transitionType=UniqueDocItem&contextData=(sc.Search) is the best, simply because the plaintiff and defendant are the same person.
"Sorry guys, looks like my math was off. He's actually coming........in a few more years! Don't lose faith!!"
Agreed! The government should absolutely allow pseudo-science and quackery, knowing the harm it causes and allow people who have no knowledge of the treatment go ahead with it and deal with the consequences. Great idea! How about they allow the practice of 18th century abortion procedures, because, y'know, freedom of speech!
Was the incident filmed with the intent to incriminate the teacher? If it was just filmed for the sake of filming it, I really don't see how the two can be compared.
I'm not sure, this is in the Holt Geometry Textbook 2007 Texas Edition pg.115. [this](http://www.slader.com/textbook/9780030416620-geometry-texas/115/exercises/21/) says that it's 16, but I'm not sure how it could be without the information.
Do you know the ring neck pheasant isn't native to North America?  They were imported from China.  Its true.
This is why I lost this week. This right here.
I have no idea how to use Pinnacle. So I couldn't even tell you how to start. Since the example you gave has a project to download, all you would have to do in After Effects is change the text to whatever you desire. Professionally the easiest editing software would probably be premiere. I use Final Cut and premiere depending on the effects I want to use. Whichever one you decide, just youtube tutorials on how to work the interface. After a good hour of practice you could run one good enough to make your movie and whenever you get stuck, just look to google to figure it out. That's how I learned everything.
This is why I like older women (not saying your THAT old).  Please don't sue me for libel.
They usually have it in the Stop & Shop, over by the ethnic food section. 
I'll buy your Genuine Anger (steam id = deseejay). 
EDIT: Thanks
...the nihilanth. Can i get a reroll?
I'm a little late to the party but here is my 80 guardian!
http://i.imgur.com/ign2G.jpg
We cannot know until after we die. People who say nothing happens still don't know the answer. It is the answer they believe, but whether that is really what happens are not is not discovered until after the fact. 
I remember my dad taking me to the arcade to play Excite Bike and the original Donkey Kong!
> I am noticing, tend to advertise that since you now don't believe in god, it makes you smarter somehow
No, just more correct. Although there is a significant inverse correlation between [religiosity and IQ](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Religiosity_and_IQ) - make of that what you will.
> then you are less likely to sacrifice your life or in other words waste your life benefiting others, because again, this is your only life and you need to live it.
Surely that makes it all the more commendable when atheists do sacrifice their lives, because they don't do it for reward, but because it's the right thing to do. Do you have any data on atheists being any less likely to sacrifice themselves? I seriously doubt it would be the case.
your graphics card is dying
As a child of an alcoholic I highly recommend al-anon. It is amazingly helpful.
Im jumpin on this bandwagon and upvoting you guys as well
You need lots money, lots of training, tons of high altitude mountain experience, and lack of fear.
Remember - for every 10 people that make it to the peak, one person dies.  
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/5281344.stm
0 points?  I'm so very disappointed in you nameless faceless people on the internets.  The joke is that Romney strapped his dog to the top of his car and went on a road trip like 20 years ago. He thought it was funny.  Too soon?  
Take 10inx10n cheesecloth. Soak in a mixture that is 10 parts isopropanol, two parts liquid butane (you can use zippo lighter fuel), and one part water. After soaking for say five minutes, rub the affected wood and apply the solution liberally. You will want to do this in a well ventilated area. When the mixture has soaked into the wood thoroughly you should leave it sit for a minute or two. Take this opportunity to wash your hands thoroughly, your hands will thank you for this later. When it has aired out for a few minutes, light a match and ignite the wood aflame. Once the wood has arrived at its desired "doneness" smother the fire with an asbestos blanket. Marvel at the new sheen that could only have been achieved by that marvel of science, chemical combustion.
EDIT: tincture changed to mixture ಠ_ಠ
I went to a government funded catholic school
This is your stereotype? Really? 
Axton!!! i built down the gunpowder tree and the guerrilla tree, the ability to teleport your turret is so useful.
We're you watching the game at all...? Refs did their best to screw is over. I can think of 3 horrible and huge calls right off the top of my head.
And if everyone saves their wither skulls collectively, then we can fulfill Zisteau's dream of five Wither's at once.
All the new things, so pro.  
He stil looks like a reanimated doll head stuck on a human body...
**Those eyes...**
I step on that Worm before it throws a Banana Bomb at me.
A man after my own heart. 
This submission has been automatically removed because it is a direct image link.
If this post is something like a funny screenshot, meme, comic, cosplay, arts-and-crafts, etc., please submit to /r/gaming instead. Submissions to /r/Games should be for the purpose of informing or initiating a discussion, not just with the goal of entertaining viewers.
If you believe that your submission belongs in /r/Games, it may be better to [submit as a self-post](http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/submit?selftext=true) and include some additional info about the image. Or if you're quite certain that a direct image link is the best way for this to be submitted, [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23Games&subject=Please+reapprove) and ask us to approve the post (please include a link to it).
*[I am a bot](http://www.reddit.com/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FGames) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This is heavily in your favor
That's what I thought the STI and WRX engine internals were completely different.  When I bought my WRX in 2004 it did not have variable valve timing while the STI engine did.
Did that change when the WRX went to the 2.5 engine ?
RGIII jogging is still outrunning the defense
Not funny as in laughter, funny as in it's painfully true.
Froch got a gift against Dirrell.  Froch landed like one punch in the whole fight so no, it's not crazy he gets no credit for the fight.  It was a home-town robbery.  I love Froch but this fight is not why.  Dirrell has not proved himself to be anything special, I think that those who overrated him previously went into hiding.
I've been learning Russian for four years. NEED MORE FLUENCY. 
There's a difference between leading an unhealthy lifestyle and leading a gay one. You don't have to be in the peak of physical condition to be healthy, a little fat is very normal no matter what the media says, but it's definitely something you have a choice about.
I think the idea that humans were created in God's image is the *single* most arrogant idea in the history of the universe.
I'm sorry it didn't work out. Better luck next time, and if there's anything I can do to help I'm happy to do so.
Oh, very true. Roth does have some advantages, and because of the lower limit and salary cutoffs, I do use a Roth while I still can (while also using my 401k). So Roth isn't *bad*, I just hate to see every 20-something only contributing to a Roth.
Honestly, I stole the line from someone else. I think it was Dune.
But yeah. I once made TVP vegan sloppy joes that were fucking fantastic.
Thank you kind and gentle creature of the internet!
If he put his weight behind it, I'm sure he could have gotten most of what he wanted.
Instead, he dedicated his political capital to things that would add even more debt to the country like Obamacare. 
I used to love KFC.  The best fried chicken I ever ate.  But then they switched to trans-fat free oil and there went the taste.  I stop in once in a while and am disappointed every time.
Well, there is one problem. Africa is big. Very big. And our maps don't show how big it is. Take Charlemagne: He controlled France, the Benelux states, Switzerland, Austria, parts of Germany and northern Italy. And then look here and compare it with the Mali empire:
http://flowingdata.com/2010/10/18/true-size-of-africa/
Africa is bigger than you might think. Yes, there were not as big as Alexander or the Mongols or the British empires, but you might think of them as exeptions. Some hellenistic kingdoms were quite small. Categories like development or historical importance are hard to compare. What is development? Not sitting in your own shit? Well, bad luck for the European medieval times. Having cities? They are in Africa, too. Commerce? Of course. What is historical significance? Significant to whom? Charlemagne is important for Europe, but there are rulers who are important for some parts of Africa. Are chinese emperors important for people in Europe? Or is Montezuma important for somebody in Russia?
Sam, from Halo fall of reach. He was like fourteen years old ( even though he was a trained killer at that point). But still he trained so hard, one of the best spartan 2s and died so early in the war that he never fulfilled anything. It also left master chief even more emotionless than he already was since it was his best friend. 
Did it hurt to shove your head far enough up your ass to believe most of that shit?
2 keys last time I looked them up(around two weeks ago).
Where are you located?
This is fucking out of hand...
I'm not really sure how many there are.  What I do know is there is a set maximum number and they aren't at that.
As soon as I saw boss in the game I turned it off  I knew what game it was
That's hilarious, cause I actually love the joker. Maybe I have a thing for guys with make-up... lol.
For the U.S.:
|"only products with at least 95% organic ingredients may be labeled "organic.":
As long as the USDA logo wasn't displayed, what he did was legal (in the U.S.).  Also I'm pretty sure exposure to rainwater and being left to cure under a tarp is "organically certified".
Reddit invented something? When did this happen?
Coolio. I can roll with that. The time would be my only issue.
How come? I'm married with Children so it seems to make sense, but it's not the first ECK Mason I've heard.
No, but but that's his "theory".  
How dare you share my secrets!
Yeah, pretty much the only song of hers I _really_ enjoy is Bad Romance.  Other than that, I'm pretty well indifferent to her.
Sorry, Tiefighters had a much more awesome noise - you rebel scum.
And there you have it.
I could write a whole paragraph, but y'know what? I haven't been through it, and honestly would know nothing of what I speak.
All I can say is what I feel-
On behalf of all the men who have to find a way to love and be loved by the women guys like you leave behind: 
Fuck you, Scott.
Fuck you **so much.**
Holy shit, dude. Nice!
I wish the people of Colombia the best and hope for their safety. 
It wasn't fun that's for sure. It felt like getting hit by a wall,  but at least the pain from it does go away almost immediately. I had a weird lingering feeling for a couple minutes after I was done. It looked like was an electrical fence setup so if you know what that's like you'd be set.
EDIT: Hit save before I was done
But then you have to develop a system of voting that can handle a population of 200M people between the ages of 18-65 that is secure, convenient.
And then you'd have to make it so people would be arsed to actually vote.  The US has a terrible turnout rate even on presidential election years.  Direct democracy in its purest form would require people to vote *every day*.
Kick us out and leave us alone. I don't care if the poorer citizens of our states are the most dependent on federal programs. We will deal with those problems ourselves. We need less federal laws not more.
How is that sauce considered "Cajun"?
Everyone at the time thought that their "reckless gambling" was actually a good idea. In retrospect, we've found some flaws, but it's really hard to argue that people should go to jail for not being better finance wizards than their peers.
lol. just delete the "m." at the start of the URL...
Don't use gloves, use mitts.  Separating the fingers from each other is a great way to freeze your hands.  Something along [these](http://www.amazon.com/Klondike-Sterling-Thinsulate-Convertible-Fingerless/dp/B001OXN1SK) lines work well.
As a guy who doesn't care about whether boobs are big or small, I feel for you.
Water is free in all nice restaurants, it costs money in cheap ones.
Well when you're used to bear mace, not much taste as good.
Whoa an RSL clip on r/soccer? Nice.
This is relevant to my interests. Sub'd!
It sounds like nerves to me. I think you'll be perfectly fine if you're comfortable and not worried about getting caught. 
Never hurts to try though. 
Is Vermi the big yellow one? Also, why is Dukino listed as an enemy?
This is not just an I-4 issue, it's most of the entire state of Florida. 
I'm up in Ocala and believe me people drive like drunken assholes day in and day out up here too.
These people are Greeks who idolize Hitler. Critical thinking is not their forte.
It's a planet's furthest point from the sun
Sounds scrumptious. Recently had some delicious cumin cheese on cheds. Glorious. 
Sorry I didn't totally understand what you meant by that comment?
It feels sharper than DOA4. The visuals are nice and the dangerzones are good too. I'm having fun with Rig & Mila. The story is as follows (spoilers!): fanservice, fanservice, ninja stuff, credits.
I've got a wager going so lets bring this one home G-Men.
That's...a beautiful analogy, and I applaud you.
I accidently killed some random woman in lumbridge today.
So, yay... I guess?
I don't see the point to be honest. We could just post it here. This won't be too busy this year
Well dark humor ≠ Antijoke
The definition of an antijoke is right there to the side -->>
I wouldn't say the original joke is an antijoke. But your variant did hit the antijoke mark. It's throwing away what was expected and replacing it with something else. A good example of this is:
>Knock knock..
>>Come in
Oh, Lindsay...
Though I'm not sure how /r/politics worthy this story is.  Coincidentally, the drunk douchebag was a congressional staffer.
I can vouch for the [gatorade powdered mix](http://www.wiggle.co.uk/gatorade-g-series-02-perform-energy-drink-powder-350g/). That stuff effectively saved my life last summer.
The people at my local GameStop are great too. First time I walked in, I see a redheaded girl at the computer, and a skinny Asian guy stocking the shelves. I overhear this conversation as I'm deciding between Dark Souls Sleeping Dogs.
"Dude, Lee, shut the hell up, Lilith is way hotter than Maya and you know it."
"You're full of shit Karen, blue hair is like ten times hotter than red hair."
"... You fucking dick." And then they made out. A little later Karen finally looked up and noticed me.
"How long have you been here?" 
"I saw everything... So Dark Souls or Sleeping Dogs?" We all bursted out laughing, and we're now all really close friends.
How about two copies of Battlefield 3: Limited Edition for it? I've got two spare Origin accounts with BF3: LE.
Not sure if nooby, or really awesome.
This sounds very stressful. But cool!
Came here to say this. Saw it yesterday.
...? Everything I saw in Japanese had the name Jelawat, with Weathernews explaining its origin.
It's in the freezer. My family will eat it over the next year, and any time someone stays with us, we send them home with some. 
He was ~1200 pounds on the hoof, and we got a little more than 400 pounds of beef.
Guy at the back is totally hiding his boner
Peace be upon you! 
Seems like every week I'm attending a memorial service for someone. This weekend I was inspired, over a thousand people came to celebrate the life of the deceased. I had a beautiful weekend and hope that everyone else had the same!
Damnit Vick, if you throw another pick and screw my FF team, I am going to write bad about you online.
3L here. It seems everyone's in agreement that you should try and stick with it at least through the first semester to see how you do. Honestly, I didn't know what the hell I was doing at this point in my first semester - I felt like I was barely faking my way through some of my classes and felt very much like I was having to figure out everything on my own. 
Eventually things will get clearer - both in the sense of whether you really like the law and whether you think it's smarter to stick with it. But right now (a month or so in) it's a little to early to make a drastic decision like dropping out and giving up a free ride. So despite a little bit of echoing, here are my suggestions:
**Stick with it through the first semester.** Things will become a lot clearer in your mind once you get near finals whether any of the subjects are interesting or if you even like studying and applying the law. Right now you're in the process of figuring out what the hell law school is and how to succeed. It'll likely click in a few weeks, maybe a month, and then things will get a lot easier. And honestly, the arguments you made about "the pragmatic part of [your] brain knows that its mostly bullshit" could be applied to getting an undergrad degree (seriously, a lot of people go on to law school because they know they could never get a good job with a BA in Art History).
**Make those people that you like in law school your core friends.** There's always a few people who turn out to be cool and will look out for you.
**Make friends outside of law school.** Hang out with some people who aren't living, breathing, vomiting the law 24/7. My non-law friends are the ones I hang out with the most, as their lives are a lot more interesting than mine and my fellow students'.
**Exercise.** Seriously, this will help your depression in so many ways.
**Keep up your old hobbies, get new ones.** My biggest regret/disappointment with my first year was that I rarely rode my bike, which I had done without fail nearly everyday for nearly 10 years. It was like I had shelved a huge part of myself and consequently affected how I viewed the whole experience. Since my second year I've gotten back on the bike and taken up a couple other hobbies.
**Use Winter Break to figure out if you REALLY want to stay in law school, or if you're just looking for a fatter paycheck.** Seriously, winter break is the time that you should use to figure out if you want to invest another 2.5 years in this endeavor. Think about it long and hard. Make a pros/cons list or whatever you do to assess hard choices. Get advice from friends (lawschool and non), professors, family, anyone you trust. And if you come to the notion that it's just a fatter paycheck you want, maybe begin considering something else. A fatter paycheck may not be worth the next two years and the career you'll be fashioning for yourself. I often ask prospective 1Ls: "Would you want a surgeon who went to med school just for a fatter paycheck and hated medicine operating on you?"
**Don't be afraid to Fail.** To quote Conan O' Brien. I think this is something to keep in mind. If you find that law school just isn't right for you, don't be afraid to admit it and move on. A free ride to a career where you'll be miserable may not be a great trade off 10 years from now. While most of us on Reddit would love to have the opportunity you have, we can't substitute our possible jealously for your position to encourage you to pursue a degree you may not want. Admitting you don't like law school and that it is not right for you is not, as one of us said, a 3rd grader's excuse; it's a realization that this career is not right for you and that your path lays elsewhere. To quote Conan O'Brien again: "In 2000, I told graduates to not be afraid to fail, and I still believe that.  But today I tell you that whether you fear it or not, disappointment will come.  The beauty is that through disappointment you can gain clarity, and with clarity comes conviction and true originality."
**Best of luck man!** It does get easier, and also harder. This is my toughest semester by far, and I have thought about quitting a couple times this semester. But if you think have it in you, keep it up and make it through to graduation.
I was referring to the photo. If I were advertising this product I'd at least show a full pint. Also, *glass.
She's beautiful, well done.
go spartans haha (blanket)
WHAT I LEARNED IN BOATING SCHOOL IS-
I'll let you know when I feel it!
Well hopefully that helps with being bored. After my check ins are done I spend 6 hours trying to find something to do. 
my first wife was a swimmer when we met and only shaved for meets - after a few days it was fine - I found it sexy,besides she mostly wore jeans so none knew 
I'd hit it. With an M167 VADS anti aircraft gun.
But the transverse and spinal processes are so big!
This year's gamescom was only EU because of Regionals but the SC2 part of Gamescom was not EU only and the previous one's had NA LoL teams.
Well played OP. Well played. :D
How long since Hooters closed, 5 years? I miss them for fried oysters. 
I saw that hooded guy being dragged away before, and then later bundling someone into a police-van.
Not quite. You watch new for waves of upvotes. When new is healthy, then post. News returns the most karma. Just copy news articles and paste them. Advice Animals requires technique. /r/funny... mostly timing. 
SKAKA RUMPA FOR SEAN BANAN!
I "taught" myself how to do it by taping my fingers together in grade 5. 
Unwind, a YA novel by Neal Shusterman. Don't let the 'YA' part fool you...its terrifying.
C'mon Giants & Eagles. I need a breather after the Packers game. Let's ease into the night w/ a nice easy blowout.
>This is just lovely, one side is bitching about the partner at home cheating, now you come along with the deployed partner being likely to cheat... even giving the group a percentage!
Honestly that percentage was an absolute guess.  I probably shouldn't have used a quantitative descriptor.  But using saying something like "extremely likely" didn't really convey how pervasive infidelity is in the service.
>If you want to make sure people are aware and use protection, go ahead and say that, respectively. "Hey you guys, thanks for all the support, but be aware, cheating during deployment is not unheard of...
That'd be pretty deceptive, cheating "is not unheard of" anywhere so such a warning wouldn't be a warning at all.
>Think about the girls here, who are in their early 20s and are already struggling with friends telling them, that it might not be worth it to wait so long and then they hardly ever get to hear from their bf, think about how they feel when you come along and just tell them "well, yeah, 95% chance he's fucking someone else now!".
Are we to assume that these girls/guys wouldn't want to know the likelihood of their SO cheating?  Very nearly every person I've talked to about this subject has said they'd want to know if their SO cheated.
>You didn't cheat, so imagine how it would be to finally being able to talk to your partner at home and then having her ask you about whether or not you're cheating, because she read somewhere... That would have sucked, right?
It wasn't really all that bad.
More like face parts swap
OL isn't far away. More talent at receiver definitely, and Wilson should develop.
sorry, no one else here gets the hipster tribune.
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding 
I need to apologize for not making it yesterday... Things got crazy this weekend I didn't expect it. I hope you still enjoyed your time though! How was it?
Seriously guys, go see this. It's a great film.
And unfortanatly, Snookie's son.  
The difference between the sprites appear to be his talking sprites.
this is the only LPT that i might ever use!!!! ephinnning win
i participated but i also did the month before and i plan to keep going. my 61st day i believe. /r/nofap 
Christian science monitor, the economist, cato institute, lewrockwell.com, also a good podcast by an independent minded guy is Common Sense with Dan Carlin. Youtube channels include learnliberty & libertypen.
Yeah, it couldn't possibly be your polices or anything.
I'm streaming Galavision now. Tried to stream the Rapids local feed but couldn't stand Balboa. Spanish is better. 
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: How I feel after realizing it's my first cakeday and I can't think of anything good to post.
>Meme: Lazy College Senior
>* CAKEDAY POST?
>* SOUNDS LIKE EXTRA EFFORT
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r568f.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/H7to1)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||CAKEDAY+POST%3F+-+SOUNDS+LIKE+EXTRA+EFFORT)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
I'm attending MIT for a Masters in Engineering (Automotive) currently, I started learning by many things such as my highschools auto-shop, my dad's lack of knowledge of cars *but* love of cars and through various "How to" books and YT channels. Here are some examples that I found useful in my highschool years. [This YT channel is probably one of the more helpful things i've found](http://www.youtube.com/user/EngineeringExplained), The book/textbook: Automotive Fundamentals by Martin S. (Its 85$ but you could probably find a free version(pdf)) and well car shows, some of them are useful and others aren't (Such as you may learn one or two thing off of "powerblock" on spike during the entire 30 minutes where as watching a documentary may provide much more information) anyway I hope i helped, Good Luck with the learning!
Intangibles! We has them!
I´m curious to know how good is the system for roleplaying, not only combat. I´ve heard all spells are only used in combat, they have no place to be elsewhere which will make this system a 2d6 4e.
The Senju vs Uchiha thing has actually been there since Part 1, hasn't it?
"how is vladimir casting while oom?"
"what if you built kog'maw with madreds razor and stacked attack speed? people would die in seconds!"
Nope, all you need is a USB to mini USB to connect and add the ps3 controller as a gamepad. To have wireless support all you need is a dongle. 
Adam, here's a tough one for you, I really hope you see this.
I wasn't aware of prop-building/general artistic construction until my late twenties, so I went ahead and pursued a lucrative career in the field of _______. Now that I've discovered the joy in being a maker (largely due to your TED talk about the satisfaction of objects and the stories they tell), I am really kicking myself that I didn't discover it early enough to make it my life's work. 
So, two questions: 
a) Would you advise someone who developed a passion for that sort of thing late in life to pursue it full time? Is it worth sacrificing the safety and security of a tolerable day job to pursue something that very well may be your true calling? Is it a noble pursuit when you have a family to support?
b) Does taking something like prop building, which is a thoroughly enjoyable stress reliever, and making it your means to an end ruin part of the magic? Do deadlines and criticism spoil the fun?
Thanks in advance, Adam. I'm a big fan.
Different strokes for different folks. My Mom likes a guy with some chest hair, I am turned off by it. If you could remove all my hair except my eyebrows and what's on my head, I would be happy.
For the record, I'm a lady and get a full Brazilian sugaring treatment now, just had my second one done. Keeps me hair free, no irritation. I prefer my husband to be trimmed, shaved is nice but when there's stubble its really uncomfortable now.
No, our fascist government blocked it. I asked because then if other people don't know, they don't have to google it themselves.
Tough call. With the way the Bears D has been playing it would be tough for me to start Austin. Brown played very well in his first outing and looks to get the bulk share until Bradshaw is healthy.
Which facts am I ignoring? Be specific.
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: To all those who whine on Facebook every sunday...
>Meme: Courage Wolf
>* TOMORROW IS MONDAY
>* DEAL WITH IT, YOU PUSSY
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r567n.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/UyMIr)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||TOMORROW+IS+MONDAY+-+DEAL+WITH+IT%2C+YOU+PUSSY)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
what is that an arcade token?
-American
Friend you have a very different perspective of Anarchism. Your limited view of it is irrelevant to me though, focus on the question maybe? 
It's the culture that's violent -- not the religion. The question is, who's to blame for the violent culture?
Have you ever been caught having sex? Do you do drugs? Have you ever done sex when on drugs? Are you going to continue on to college? Do you get good grades?
That was a very useful reply.  You know more about what you want to do than you implied in your first post (" I don't know what I want to do, perhaps mainly because I don't know what I can be doing.").  In terms of curation, management for the museum/heritage sector, fundraising... these are all areas in which networking is absolutely your number one way of getting your foot in the door.  I would advise you to network as much as you can in ALL the areas you mentioned, because it's essentially a game of numbers.  The more places and people you target, the greater your chances of finding a career.  If you decided only to go for being a museum curator, you're drastically narrowing down your chances of actually being one.  So with that in mind, you need to start targeting people in your field(s) - you already have a great start in the fundraising and museum jobs you have , but you'll have to work fairly quickly for the museum one if you only have a month left.  Basically, look people up on linkedin (you do have a linked in account, right? You'll need one) and make a note of any names you hear on your job.  Contact these people and explain you're getting started in their field and you'd like to know more about how they got to their position and exactly what it entails.  Meet with them for 15-20 minutes, ask them if they can recommend one other person, and go talk to that person.  Basically, you're getting a feel for what can be done with your education and experience so you can determine what you'd like to do, and you're also getting your name out there so potential employers and people above you know who you are and remember you if positions come up.  Then keep in touch with these people semi-regularly so they don't forget you. While doing all this, keep your eye open for any similar positions (google the job titles of the people you've been talking to), so you are accumulating more experience that you can put on your resume and talk about to all these people while networking.  Even volunteering can help boost the resume and meet people.  You already have the academics down, and you're starting to get experience, but now it's all about who you know.  You may encounter some positions you don't like, but even that will help you decide what you do want to do.
Jc penny outlet store in Rancho. I believe its on Arrow and Haven. I got a super nice couch for 80 bucks awhile back.
Sf on waiver? wtf?
There's /r/facebookwins but I don't personally find the content to be very compelling.
I sat on my butt and talked to people via Reddit. I also went out to eat!
I know he will be soon enough.  Sounds like he is going to Copenhagen for a month or two to hang with the Polar guys over in Denmark.  
It's from his favourite anime Angel Beats. I think it's the theme song.
Don't do that. Use it on those two idiots in FB.
SuperPACs cannot donate to candidates or campaigns. There are still donation limits for campaign contributions for both individuals and corporations.
You aren't supposed to store coffee beans/grounds in the refrigerator?  I always heard in the fridge or freezer.  :( I feel so lied to...
Every time I watch an unlisted video I feel special.
We all know you don't have girlfriend. 
Well, he could have it set to notify him when they mention him, or he checks out their profile and sees it. But there are times that I'd go through pages of mentions, if I'm bored. Or sometimes they seem to mention just at the right time, when I'm checking my mentions.
Why would the Obama administration push a narrative that would help the Republican party, by raising anti Islamic fears in the United States? Hello half of republicans think he is a Muslim so surely anything that makes Muslims look worse is going to be a negative for him. 
How did this take 4 hours? O.o Seems like 30 min job unless you drew the concept? O.o
The Bible. lol jk
For the longest time I was trying to get at this girl back in college.  She had a string of bfs and I was her confidante. It sucked! I pretty much gave up and accepted the fact I got friend zoned.  I didn't care for her anymore. But ironically, that's when she started to like me.  So my advise to all those who got zoned is to DGAF.  Then when you least expect it, bam!
Looks sick dude. Tell us about it!
I actually got it from an episode of Sesame Street featuring Jamie Foxx 
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: How I feel, perusing r/circlejerk
>Meme: Im just sitting here masturbating
>* EVERYONE IS JUST SITTING AROUND, MASTURBATING
>* AND I'M...........OH WAIT
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r566b.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/xVSMN)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||EVERYONE+IS+JUST+SITTING+AROUND%2C+MASTURBATING+-+AND+I%27M...........OH+WAIT)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
>And just because poverty exists doesnt make it bad. Poverty due to dictatorship or shitty laws and regulations is bad. Poverty thru life choices is not.
...seriously? Poverty, for any reason, is bad because *it causes people to suffer*. 
The sort of anarcho-capitalism that you advocate is nothing but socioeconomic psychopathy. 
no kidding?? shit, that's embarrassing. i saw it in a completely other subreddit. looks like i'm not creative, i'll take it down.
Insanity Wolf would drive a riding lawn mower down hill and jump off and lay flat in front as it goes over him.
>je ne dis pas que tout le monde doit voter, je dis que niveau representativite, pour un "suffrage universel" c'est peu :)
Ben je suis pas sur de comprendre le raisonnement, tu grosso modo toutes la population, moins les mineurs et les non citoyen, qui peuvent voter. Et pour l’élection présidentielle, tu as une bonne partie qui le fait. Surtout je comprend pas pourquoi tu ne considère que les gens soutenant la décision majoritaire et pas l’ensemble des votants. Quand on vote et que notre choix n'est pas gagnant, on est quand même représenté à mon avis.
Enfin bon, si la démocratie c'est pas ton truc, c'est peut être pas nécessaire d'en discuter ad eternam. Est ce que tu pourrais développer un peu ce que tu entend par césarisme? Je suis toujours intéresser par les points de vue politiques originaux :) 
Wait, so Cortana is basically a young Halsey? Damn, she must have been fine back in the day.
Bars in my SoCal city don't technically allow passports for ID.  At least that's what a bunch of the bars said when I took a friend without a DL out drinking.  I have no idea why.  
Why are you getting back together? 
Why did you agree to get back together with her?
 She broke up with you on a whim? I wouldn't trust it, but then again I'm an asshole. 
Jennifer Aniston is looking great these days.
I was hoping she posted to GW.
Yeah that's not unique to NYC.  They have those all over the place.
[Still censored. Different girl. No Rape noises?](http://www.spankwire.com/G-Area-Kayo/video190937/)
Reading about WWI always reminds me of the fourth season of Black Adder.
Exaggerated and absurd as it may have been, they also didn't do a bad job of depicting how brutally hopeless and pointless the war really was.
I'm glad it wasn't as bad as it could be but still bummed you are so banged up. Try to stay put together for me, okay?!
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: Fellow glasses-wearers, winter is almost here
>Meme: Brace yourselves
>* BRACE YOURSELVES
>* FOGGY GLASSES ARE COMING
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r566x.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/r6QNg)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||BRACE+YOURSELVES+-+FOGGY+GLASSES+ARE+COMING)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
To be honest, the only food I like drinking alcohol with is stuff like steak and Korean BBQ. If the meal has more carbs than protein, then the alcohol just tastes off for me.
a 5 hour super turtle on halowars 
> Oh yeah, he lived.
So you hit The Hulk or something?
We're talking about stopping time here.  I think we can bend a few other rules as well.
Kmart still exists?! @_@
Shit my bad. Thanks for the correction. 
Again. My name is not beth.
for a second party ass shaver you post a lot of pictures of sandwiches
Occam's razor is often misunderstood (by both sides) as a truth-finding tool, and it is not (at least, not directly). Wikipedia sums up the misconception well;
> The principle is often incorrectly summarized as "other things being equal, a simpler explanation is better than a more complex one." In practice, the application of the principle often shifts the burden of proof in a discussion. The razor states that one should proceed to simpler theories until simplicity can be traded for greater explanatory power. The simplest available theory need not be most accurate. Philosophers point out also that the exact meaning of simplest may be nuanced.
Rather, Occam's razor is correctly used as a heuristic tool (a guideline for how best to proceed) in both science and more commonplace applications. It is used to develop models and theories, not to decide what is true. It is not proof of one theories correctness over the other. I have seen atheists and theists alike misuse it many times, and I freely admit I have as well in the past before I better understood the concept. 
All that said, the razor does seem to be a generally useful principle for figuring out which of two models is *more likely* to be true based on current knowledge. This isn't proof, but this is selection.
The reason it is more rational to use number of unjustified assumptions as a guideline is simple. Every assumption that a theory is based on matters. If a theory is based entirely on assumptions that we already know to be true, that is a good start. If a theory is based on assumptions we already know to be false, that is a very, very bad start. If a theory is based on assumptions we currently don't know either way...well that's a bit dubious. Ideally, you want a theory that has most or all of it's assumption already known to be true. If a theory is based on a lot of ideas that we just don't know, then it raises questions about whether the theory itself is sound. Even worse is if those assumptions *should* present evidence that they are true, but don't or we haven't found any such evidence. This is concerning. So if Theory A only has one new, unproven idea that it is dependent on, and Theory B has four, this puts Theory B on less stable ground than theory A. It does not mean B is false, but it does mean that there had better be some damn good evidence to believe it over A.
Most confusing in your question is this part;
> Occam's razor seems like the weakest point in atheist epistemologies, because it can't be validated by evidence by its very nature.
Occam's razor is not a tool for atheists to use, it is a tool for scientific model development. It only has bearing on atheism inasmuch as competing models have equal explanatory power, which they rarely do. Further, it is certainly not a key component of why I or most other atheists don't believe in God.
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title, Meme: First World Problems
>* I CAN'T GET ANY MORE COMMENT KARMA
>* BECAUSE I'M A DICK
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r566y.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/cgDpI)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||I+CAN%27T+GET+ANY+MORE+COMMENT+KARMA+-+BECAUSE+I%27M+A+DICK)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
It's definitely original. Let me see if I can find the price tag to let you know the exact. It could've been around 70 pounds, but I can't quite remember. 
EDIT: I must be blind. The sleeve the Hendrix came in had the 75 pound label right on it. 
I'd say #2. Talk to her about it rationally. It sounds like she could just be the type of girl who likes a lot of privacy and freedom. 
However, you need to stay level-headed and rational. That way if she gets angry, accuses you of things like being nosy, and getting defensive, that's a bad sign. 
Just, bring it up and see how it goes. If she's worth it, you two could reach some kind of compromise-- she can use her dating profile to meet friends if she can prove she's not flirting with anyone, she can turn her 'find your friends' off if she texts you about what she's doing and keeps contact, stuff like that. 
If she is not willing to compromise, I'd say number 1. 
Oh god, use punctuation please.
[You stop reposting comments then i'll stop this](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/y75af/if_you_think_cats_are_assholes/c5sxa2f)
A keyword in the title isn't a ranking factor, its a *relevance* factor. Keywords on the page help Google figure out what the page is about, but alone are not enough to improve rank on a SERP.
I'm guessing that so called "IT genius" works for the ISP and illegally got the address for his friend.
Coffee fresher than the harvest.
Is her tooth going to grow back?
Hooray!  Another blow at blank slate pseudoscience.
i was going to say that 
Your first problem is you're at an IHOP.
well it can't be that surprising, i mean not everyone lectures their cousins about it, it just slipped my mind
Carleton... where the K stands for quality.
How did you get to Duna? I have been trying to the past week or two too no success.
They also beat Vick+Kafka. 
1007 Track of the Moon Beast
Is this like when you ask how to spell someone's name because you don't know what it is?
its the ghost by his pantleg do you see it?
Request:  RG3 handoff to Banks back to RG3 for completion.. or something like that.  I was taking a piss.
I'm so jealous, I tried this but with a rainbow gradient rather than stripes but none of my black polishes would spread on the water :(
Doctor: -bend your leg
Patient: -which way?
Haha, I'm that way too.. then I take the picture, realize I'm too OCD to leave it like that, clean up.. and retake. Though I am getting progressively better at painting; I used to basically cover my entire fingertip, but now I only get the occasional bit of polish in the corners. Yay for practice & being semi-competently ambidextrous.
Well damn he looks so calm. He even looked calm while doing it, kinda creepy.
You listened to Kriss kross as a kid, huh?
In his defense, he's had Kevin Kolb and John Skelton to throw it to him the past couple of years. As a Seattle fan, who's just now getting over Hasselbeck and Tarvaris Jackson... I feel privileged.
It could be the religious angle - there's nothing better for getting people stirred up than an thought provoking book that tackles religious concepts head on. Still, surprising that someone would deny themselves a sale...
...wait a second - did you say he loaded a shotgun the first time you walked in the store? What the WHAT?
its a late fall early winter in west Texas.
person on the right:dove colored hat, white over coat.
person on left:grey suit and hat
both horses:chest nut.
home and out house:greyish tint.
dirt:clay dirt color
sky:winter color. 
(please do better than this guy)
http://imgur.com/cCd58
I'm getting a raging Kluwe just thinking about this debate. 
Or, life dropped a ton in value so farming godlands became a much better source of wealth, which meant that def became more common. The number of good players who have left has also reduced event/abyss farming which is where vit comes from. 
They pretty much dominate their region, but haven't played vs. a lot of EU teams.
Damn, same thing happened to my concours on the other side :( For some reason there's 1.5billion passenger footpegs on ebay and no rider footpegs.
Let me know if you find a cheap reasonable source of footpegs, though. (also, apparently, a temp fix is just a rather long 8mm bolt in the footpeg bracket... http://www.murphskits.com/catalog/product_info.php?cPath=1_91_87&products_id=79 )
I don't know if you'll want http://www.murphskits.com/catalog/product_info.php?cPath=1_91_87&products_id=184 , I considered getting it but it'd be pretty expensive since I lost both the footpeg and the bracket on the road :(
Who the fuck has ever called Josef Stalin **good**?  [Certainly not me.](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/10l4yv/til_that_stalin_taught_his_children_to_be/c6enq3i?context=3)  Josef Stalin is one of the most reviled mass murderers in history.
You - and the two people who upvoted you - are actually insane if you believe this ridiculous strawman.
We don't do it because out penises are small, but because we need clearance for larger tires...
Does Canada pretty much have everything (snack wise) you can get in the US? I'm in Michigan and wouldn't mind getting some Canadian stuff.
How can you be so sure?
I think whoever is giving up Turner, lynch, and smith is getting raped in the trade
This isn't strictly sexual, but I made a point to try to connect more with my boyfriend emotionally and physically. I spent more time cuddling him, and it worked out in my favor--I got more sexytimes this week!!! I also came ridiculously hard while he was eating me out because I decided to enjoy it instead of being worried about whether or not he was enjoying himself.
This.
>I don't mind teaching English for a year to support myself. 
Even if it's the same slave labor with shitty pay?
Hey, a bunch of my friends are comp sci. My mom was too.
You don't insult my mother. She gun'a f*ck you up
EDIT: THIS COMMENT IS ALSO A JOKE.
No but seriously, why is this downvoted? It's perfectly relevant, my sentence about my mother captures her attitude as someone to not be messed with. Fuck you, downvoters. I don't even know why I bother putting legitimate comments anywhere anymore.
Aaannnnd....Reddit has crashed their site. 
Or the kind that just stay between the cheeks
Always bank on number two.
:( Story of most of our lives, I think.
I barely try very hard at Neopets anymore...though I can't stop myself from going on. 
I've been trying a couple new sites, though, and theres one or two I'm seriously considering spending most of my time on.
But I'll always stay on Neopets too...SIGH! 
So it's a yellow card for a dive that gets seen by the ref, but a 3 match ban for one he misses?
if you drive a SVT Raptor you have an identity crisis.... 
How the hell do you hijack someones cumbox?
Same reason tables + chairs are "necessary". They add realism.
Nice series in Chicago.  Hell it was  great road trip.  Couldnt get much help around the league though.
Still not 100% out though.  Need Oakland to lose out and Angels to lose 3.  We obviously have to sweep the O's.  Then we have a playoff to get to the playoffs.
Slim chance but at least we have one.  Damn if we could have just gotten some help today.
EDIT:  Replaced Texas with Angels.
Yeah we did that. They were then abused by the nuns and the priests. At the moment there is a report being done by the government about the abuse.
The government are REFUSING to apologize to these poor women because the 'institutions' were privately owned by the church, DESPITE many of the laundry jobs coming from government buildings such as Aras an Uachtaran (like the American White House).
There is not one Irish person that should EVER deny that our blinded faith led to this cruelty. The government paid compensation to the children of the Industrial Schools, but not to these women.
The last laundry closed in 1995.
(Sorry, this makes me so MAD)
Same thing happened to me, my brother was in the house and he got out before it got too serious. I'm glad everything is alright with your family. I'm curious how much charity you received, our family got more than what we needed and just started giving back.
This story brought tears to my eyes, and made me think so much of our current situation with Terra. She too seems to be better with our other dog. He's such a goofy and loving guy, I hope he can help her open up. Thank you for sharing this. Any chance of seeing a picture? I feel emotionally connected to your parents' dog now! 
I always use double sided tape. Make sure you get the kind that is not removable. Works beautifully and you don't have to worry about excess glue squeezing out.
Same, but I threw out a "the school looks better from here" while people laughed. I'm not sure what part they were laughing at...
I would let pewdiepie... well whatever, I'd let him do anything to me.
Good lord, this shit is old.
Wasnt it something to the effect of 
Green-blowy
Black-sex
Yellow-makeout
White-handy
?
If someone told me at the start of the season that the Browns and Saints were going to have the same record in week 4 I would have been extremely excited that we'd have improved so much. :'(
We see ads every where we go, Ive learned to block them out, its really easy. Athletes make big money, why not have companies pay for their salary so things get cheaper for fans hopefully.
I thought those twist caps were for girls who cant finish a whole beer in one sitting.
A lot of yobs and older people actually listen to this moron. I don't think many redditors do, but I'm sure most of us know the type.
I always tilt my head back after surrounding said pill in a bunch of water and it sort of bypasses any problems I have.
Wow that's a lot of work, but it was definitely worth it!
Depression's definitely a factor but even taking that into account, I definitely feel more intense physical fatigue than last week. Plus mild sore throat, painful lymph nodes etc. Thought maybe I was coming down with a cold or flu but no other symptoms have come up yet.
No one is safe ha thats funny, never been to unity i guess lol
In the school I go to, there were Spanish exchange students from the north of Spain, and they spoke fluent Basque, Castilian, and English. Basque is the most interesting language I've heard. 
I actually clicked that link, spent 20 minutes there, and I feel like I just woke up from being blackout drunk.
BonziBuddy: Maximum nostalgia mode engaged 
Violence is a fact of life. Sex is sinful and horrible, and should be avoided at all costs.
(this is sort of a commentary of the religious view of sex. If it really is so, so horrible that we should never do it, doesn't that mean that all Christians should die out pretty quickly?)
Canoe chandelier? You win sir.
this is so beautiful!
Ah fuck, the referee is Satan, himself.
Neat idea but naturally fails on daily/nightly builds. I'm actually not sure how it got a value of "25 days" for Aurora (Firefox) 17 (assuming the github code is up to date.)
Boo to the date (only cause I'll be out of town), but this is a nice idea and I'm interesting in joining next time. There's a lot of great hiking between Topanga and Malibu. 
Female here! Those look great!
playing all characters:
32 Siren
30 Assassin
24 Commando
16 Gunzerker
I find that as I get to know people better that I find more to appreciate about them. Meeting someone and instantly being infatuated with them doesn't really happen.
It tends to creep up on me and then shout **SURPRISE** really loudly at the 'right' moment though.
"Red velvet with a bit of glass for decora-"
"FUCK THE GLASS (Crams in mouth)!"
Can see a guy juggling in a scene in vack to the future 3, I think its 4 or 5 balls. Its just after the dancing scene
If you're gonna honk the honk you gotta tonk the tonk or nobodies gonna feel sorry for you.
i accidentally hit my friend in the face with a very large plastic bottle when i was about 10, trying to look cool by throwing it from a hill. i then ran away as fast as my fat little legs could carry me, almost all the way home, when they appeared on their bikes asking why i'd run away. i continued to run away. i have no idea why.
Was in the mood to blow a load... then I saw this. Now I just feel nauseous.
This only works with weapons/backpacks (for the most part) and is clunky AND replaces your current main weapon. It also has an animation and still takes a lot longer and is more awkward than what WarZ appears to be.
>*A*ny *man* who's *ever* been in a relationship.
I think I see it on the bottom left, left of the microphone. lol
Well if you go to can't be unseen.com what did you think would happen ?
what have i done !
The Amphigory of Babylon.
I don't think a bunch of women on horseback had anything to contribute to their badassery. 
West Cornwall?
I wonder if the people there like to eat corn?
How would smoking not affect your running? When I've smoked just a little bit of hookah before I've felt like it's affected my running for days. I get out of breath so much easier at least for the next day or two and it causes me to slow down or decrease distance.
Knees, good sir, knees. My knees are bonier than Skeletor. I've seriously thought about growing out my leg hair and just being a hairy bush-woman. Grow out your beard. It will be liberating. 
Personally i think you are making a big issue out of nothing
Savages. Its about time to send em all to Allah.
Oh god, I did this but with metal/plastic bangles. I clinked and clanked everywhere I went. I think I had a bunch of jelly bracelets too, but I never liked those because the "emo" kids wore/still wear tons of them.
On the other hand...
Wearable space suits, bonnets and Lincoln's hat happen to be real-world objects and it is perfectly realistic for them to be in-game. A ghoul mask, given its function, is merely practical. 
Tranquility Lane is, in my opinion, a poor example. As you said, it has grim undertones and the humour in it serves to makes it even creepier. This is not the case with Old World Blues - while being lobotomised might be grim, the DLC never brings this up except for humour purposes. Hell, Tranquillity Lane's music gradually becomes creepier as you progress through it, while Old World Blue's is consistently... Jazzy. The humour is used for different purposes entirely.
The Republic of Dave is very silly, yes. I found it incredibly jarring.
A cyber-dog is, in my opinion, not exactly laughable and seems to fit with the Sci-fi genre Fallout is part of. Elvis Impersonators are absolutely central to a Las Vegas setting and, again, are not laughable.
I do think Old World Blues is somewhat inconsistent with the rest of the series, because every other title uses a lot of dark, disturbing humour (perhaps aside from Fallout 3 in some parts). Old World Blues just makes me giggle for the most part.
That said, I really enjoyed Old World Blues *because* it was something different. And to BOS13: I hope you enjoyed the parts of the DLC that weren't humour based, because there was plenty of it. The lore behind the Harness Suits was disturbing and the DLC presented an excellent view of Science! from a post-apocalyptic 50's perspective. 
Totally spilled it brah!
You can download the .ISO file and burn a DVD or use a USB flash drive with this tool:
http://www.microsoftstore.com/store/msstore/html/pbPage.Help_Win7_usbdvd_dwnTool
Well said. I'm tired of these reactionary fans posting Dear John letters to the Raiders every time a loss happens.  
If you're going to give up on the Raiders as a fan,  then please do it without the theatrics. Its getting old. 
i snuck some on an airplane by doing just that.  i got through just fine but regretted every second of it as soon as i hit security.
I really wish I had done this when one of my friends was in an abusive relationship.
She refused to call the police herself, but filing an anonymous report against him may have helped. 
I wouldn't have normally, but did because I used the word 'cheque'. I've seen (American) people's minds blown over that spelling before, so figured I'd telegraph it in case the context clues didn't work for everyone. It was *really* an apology I suppose.
I just got my ukulele a few weeks ago! I take it everywhere: parties, friends' houses, and work, and everyone loves it. My friend and I want to sing (and accompany ourselves on the ukulele) next year for our friend's wedding in Myrtle Beach. 
I'd love to be chosen! 
Making mine with 3 razorback las cannon turrets.
Ah now see more downvotes because you were already downvoted up ahead.
Thats the hivemind for.
As i understand it, incorrect grammar pisses them off no end - you could try that next if you like.
Either elite speak or 'there' instead of 'their'.
Off you go, have a pleasent experience and remember 'i' before 'e' except after 'c'
I guess you don't know what subject verb agreement is.
Can you explain how the word 'ju' is used? I keep seeing it everywhere but none of the explanations I've read have been very helpful. 
All of that is worthy of many kudos, but I'm the most impressed with that OHP. Well done. 
Not sure why you're doing lean ground beef. Instead do the fattiest ground beef you can find at the store (locally ground). (1) It cheaper. (2) It provides the fat which keto requires in your diet.
Sour cream, Avocado, Coconut oil, Olive oil, Flax seed oil, (real) Butter.
You could mix sour cream, chunky salsa (hot or not) and fried (fatty) ground beef for a sort of a no-chip nacho. Maybe some real cheese in it or on top as well.
Sorry about the non-familial support. Not uncommon. Results and blood work may help there. YMMV
Slogan: "The homophobia we want, the broadsword we need."
GG OP. Doesn't post to /r/WTF 
Hey if I put don't up vote in the title I'll get up votes!
Why are all these naked photos in WTF?  What's so WTF about nudity?  I mean damn, my college had a naked run on the first rain of the year every year.
You clearly know very little about Soviet history. The trial of the generals followed the first two show trials - it didn't precede them as you suggest. Trotskyists have never ascibed the Stalinist terror to "one man" - they have provided a Marxist analysis of the social roots of the terror as stemming from the determination of a privellaged bureaucracy to maintain its political power...But to claim that Stalin was tricked into unleashing the mass purges, and terror, is a silly conspiracy theoy.
The claim that Stalin legitimately thought Trotsky was a Nazi agent is just absurd. Trotsky, a Jew who had fought for socialism his entire life, subjected the rise of fascism to a penetrating Marxist analysis, and called for the Soviet Union to move against Nazi Germany before it could strengthen itself militarily? The claim is also refuted by the fact that Stalin had begun the persecution of Trotskyists in the Soviet Union, long before the Nazis came to power.
And you haven't cited a single academic who supports your views...Its generally evidence of a fairly poor argument, when you're compelled to rely on absurd conspiracy theories, baseless assumptions, speculation etc.
What is the long-term effect of this sort of thing on the kids?
Hundreds, one; what's the difference?
"Alright keep going mid, I'll ult in the middle of them and zonya to bait cd's, follow up."
If I ever want to see photos taken with a specific camera or lens I will usually see if there is a Flickr group for that particular item and ill browse the photos uploaded, if there is a better way I'd love to hear it 
Python is a great language for beginners!
In high school, I coded a text-based MMO fantasy using python for my final :). I stopped coding after that but I think it's great.
(Another easy beginning language is SQL. Plus, SQL is used in a lot of offices, so it'd be a skill that would easily translate into real life.)
it was a japanese movie that was released in the states with dudely moore doing the voice-over. 
nothing about that movie screamed america. 
Well more for my own and pedestrian safety than the spirit of the festival actually.
God.  Damn It.  Megan.  
How do I fix this?  Do I need use my own sparkles or something?
Same panel (monitor) different stand.. There's the Achieva, Catleap and Shimian.
It's because their legs are do short, they can't walk very far.
I looked it up... it makes your Android an Airplay *receiver*, not sender :/ and it's only for audio, not video.
When it is layed out it'll be on the frame.
This thread makes me happy, I love Sidewinders and all I've ever heard were skaters that have never used them or didn't use them enough, bashing them. I'm glad to see so much support, those trucks saved my drop through deck from its stiff attitude.
whaddya mean, that music was perfect for this video. Clowns on a line.
Well done gents
3 straight weeks of at least 95 yards receiving. How is that 'poor weeks' or 'mediocre performances'? Are you looking at the stats?
As Leblanc, "I don't need to farm, I can just farm champions".
HEY YOU DON SAY THAT!
deer skeleton: http://digicoll.library.wisc.edu/Science/data/images/MmBib/VetAnatImg/xlarge/0062x.jpg
Just the skull: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/__7tSF7YZHec/TJYvMCd0xNI/AAAAAAAABMY/nRZVAQBnXe8/s1600/babyroe-4443.jpg
Looks like a deer to me. Keep in mind whatever did this *ate* the front of the animal's face so the skull might not be fully intact.
I wish I could give you a thousand upvotes. I wish my father was a Pokemon Champion like you!
There's a bar in DC that does this as well.
Uh I didn't start that post dude.  Check your facts first before you make these wild accusations.
>But the pollsters are just calling people and asking them if they're Democrats or Republicans. 
That's what they SEEM to be doing. That's what they THINK they are doing. That's what they CLAIM they are doing.
But if that's *really* what they were doing, then you'd see some polls where, *merely by random chance*, more Republicans were randomly called and answered the phones than Democrats did.
But that NEVER occurs.
*EVER.*
You cannot show me a single national poll in the past 20 years where, by chance, the results showed more Republicans were called than Democrats. I know. I look at the internals of EVERY. SINGLE. POLL. where the internals are released to the public.
Democrats are ALWAYS oversampled. EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.
And that's why most polls are usually DEAD WRONG.
The Boston Globe poll two weeks before Scott Brown's election had Martha Coakley up by 15 percentage points. Dead wrong. Oversampled Democrats.
Hooke is the one 
Aye, I've only used them a few times over the last $lots of years (since back when it was genuine SysInternals). Try the process monitor first - it'll show the processes being run, look to see what's running when the ads pop up; then you need to work out what shouldn't be running. If you use the explorer then you should have a better idea what to focus on and be able to see what registry nodes are involved, what files, etc., and so be able to remove what's causing the ads.
Spybot S&D has a process explorer IIRC, there are various sites that list what a process is and whether it's any use to you; like http://www.neuber.com/taskmanager/process/. Don't delete stuff unless you're sure it's OK to do so!!
Probably good to make backups first.
What about getting some laced with a little Opium. Does that exist legally there?
not sure if you're using an awfully subtle missing word, or making of Asians
You read all of these comments HONESTLY how many fucks/laughs do you actually give?? And come visit Vegas and when you do MAKE A VIDEO ABOUT IT
People do tend to use umbrellas when it rains.
I just hope that I can last until Christmas....then it's eggnog!
so crediting in the photo isn't enough, we should instead bankrupt them?
If only he could have made a video about it, he would be on par with Sam in the viral video war. 
Perhaps a wah-wah?
What do you want?
Delay pedal?
Phaser?
Check them out on youtube and buy what you think sounds interesting and inspiring.
> I feel that guys don't realize what a hassle it is for a girl shave her legs and nether regions. 
As a guy, I feel that girls don't realize what a hassle it is for guys to shave as well...
Do you know how hard it is for a guy to shave his balls? It's a total fucking bitch, and I'm positive that it takes like 5 times longer than it takes you. I bet you that you could shave everything in the time it takes a guy to shave his balls. It's just a giant hunk of skin! There's no easy way to grab that thing...
Also, your legs? You wear pants and it's problem solved... But a guy, he has to shave his face every single day! Some workplaces will even get all pissy if you don't, and make you go to the bathroom and shave on the spot if you have a bit of fuzz on your face. The same can't be said for women.
It's a huge improvement, you've found your frames. The before looks IT department, the after looks distinguished. Your face's shape works with circular frames.
Before I just went through the new AskReddit posts I was like, "Fuck. I'm dead."
Those are for knives -- I believe they're oil stones, are slower cutters than what we'd normally use, and typically the grit is too low for what you'd want to use it for.
If you used that on your Dovo then I'd suggest sending it back out because I'm not sure what your edge looks like right now.  Once the razor is sharpened and you want to maintain it yourself then look at getting a high-grit finishing stone: I personally like the [Naniwa 12k](http://www.straightrazordesigns.com/the-sharpening-center/naniwa-super-stone-12000-grit-in-stand?zenid=7b8b63909cacf912a4f745369f6deb54) but if you're cautious about spending that much then the [Chinese 12k from Woodcraft](http://www.woodcraft.com/category/2004920/natural-polishing-water-stone.aspx) is a great stone for the price.
I just don't think lapping sheets are meant for people to learn on, and they're certainly not as practical as whetstones when you consider their lifespan and function.
As a society we all need to practice this more! 
Glanced at the thumbnail, thought it was pizza.
Expanded picture as I finished reading title. Now I'm disappointed.
Don't cum in his ear and tell him it's raining
if this movie was made in modern days, would it be politically correct?
I'm so baffled at how many people have not grasped this concept yet..
I love food and flavor too much to attempt a tongue piercing in case something went wrong. Love my navel piercing though.
I wasn't really implying that. I'm just saying that there are negatives on both sides when it comes to gender roles. I don't enjoy feeling like I'm always supposed to be the one with all the solutions. There's a lot of social pressure on men to be stoic and unemotional too. It's apples and oranges, but all I'm saying is it's not one sided.
I'll second that.  Why did Jimmy stop doing it?  I heard someone speculate that it was because it hurt his voice, but I've never heard Jimmy confirm that.
well ? is between [0,90] degrees, I'm not sure if that helps.
I tried. . . I really did :(
It can't just be us vs you guys the whole time, it needs some variety.
I have a couple of books on islamic jurisprudence that state otherwise.
I'm sure some muslim somewhere disagrees. As for me, I'm pretty certain that ortodox sunnis sat the minimum marriage age at 9.
Another fun fact: "Crying softly" is the same as consent.
That's right, I have a book that explicitly states that a girl that isn't "crying loudly" has given her consent to the arraged marriage.
It's official. /r/pics is now Facebook. 
First you grab a knife. Stretch the skin of your ball sack so that it's taut to prevent the chance of making a bad cut. Now place the knife flat against the skin and begin to shave no that's too deep oh shit you're bleeding oh god is that what they look like someone call an ambul-
What did McCoy's major in?
I would like to think so. Tranny Trees, that could be a whole new genre of Porn. 
didn't they just say that you just wouldn't get the benefits that come with higher points (like the extra crafting crit rate and stuff) for that round rather than not be able to do WvW at all?
Actually they look like they want my wallet. 
We're did you find this????
Mixing business with pleasure, I dare say?
Well when I was 335lbs.. I hated the way I looked, honestly.  I hated that I had a gorgeous fit husband who loved to go snowboarding and being outside and he had to help me put on my socks in the morning. I started with SparkPeople [My Page](http://www.sparkpeople.com/mypage.asp?id=DAPHASAURUS) and started joining groups, researching recipes and started doing their at  home exercises.  To be honest, getting started is easy.  It's when you hit the bumps in life when you find out if you can stick it out or not.
In October of 2010 I had lost over 80lbs, then my mom was sent to the ER where they discovered a huge tumor by her intestines.  She was in extreme pain and needed someone to watch over her in recovery.  That was me.  I relapsed badly and gained weight back (back up to 289 from 248).  I ended up in the fall of 2011 calling an ambulance in the middle of the night because of intense cramping on the ENTIRE side of my left body, and I started blacking out.  I had chest pains and could barely walk for days after.  Turns out I had several deficiencies from eating only junk food.  I was such a terrible case that my doctor referred me 6 months to a dietitian for free to help me get it sorted out.  I ended up being referred to counselling for Binge eating and was also referred to over eaters anon. (I still haven't gone however).  Now THAT is what motivated me again.  I almost DIED at 26.  How sick is that? 
Edit: I want to add that I'm very lucky to have such a caring doctor to do this all for me.  She really got the ball rolling!
Seriously, if you feel like you overeat/binge then I *strongly* recommend seeing someone for therapy or counselling.  It's the best thing I ever EVER did.  
I'm now doing this for myself, and not for any other reason.  I need to stay alive, I  mean really.. my husband is too gorgeous for him to move onto another woman! ;D
I know that feel.
[Green Onions - Booker T & The M G's](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bpS-cOBK6Q)
[Mist - John Butler Trio](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mM71L5vgfU)
also obligatory love for Metallica's Orion, Call of the Cthulu, and To Live is to Die. They are already linked in previous comments
I found two of the same gun in a gun chest once. It was really early on, but they were both exactly the same.
NO NO NO NO! Don't recommend those 30 day wear contacts unless you *know* the person has no other eye conditions. I've got a big, nasty, vision ruining scar across my right retina from those kinds of lenses.
I have sinusitis and very dry eyes. The 30 day wear day/night lenses were new, and my optometrist was excited about them. She gave them to me to try, but they were like wearing sandpaper on my eyes. She gave me drops and said I'd get used to it. I was just a kid, still in high school. I listened to my doctor. 
A few days later, I was playing sport with them in. They started to hurt, but I played through, not able to get to my drops. I took the lenses out and didn't wear them anymore, but the damage was done. A week later, the grazes on my right eye had ulcerated, and I couldn't see out of it anymore.
It's taken years, and the scar is still changing, obscuring new parts of my vision. The texture of my right eye also means I can't get corrective laser surgery. I still play sport, at a pretty high level. I'm a hockey goalkeeper, and having to wear glasses under my helmet sucks SO MANY BALLS.
TL;DR **DON'T USE 30 DAY CONTACTS IF YOU HAVE DRY EYES**
Oh okay. At the store here in Ft Myers about 2 of all of the employees know something about guns the rest look like they are fresh out of highschool and dont know the muzzle of an AR from its buttstock
Give this woman a flair!
I was going to clean and recycle the hydroton, but the infestation was so bad that I just wanted anything that was ever touched by a spider mite to be burned somewhere away from my property. I am going to pesticide the entire yard with the worst chemicals imaginable before I start my winter garden. Then i'll buy a lot of predatory mites and have them eat the leftovers. 
I just don't want any chance of these fuckers coming back. 
If you want some of the jalapeno bell seeds, drop me your addy in a PM and I will mail you a few for you to taste/extract seeds from. They are pretty good actually, they are sweet like a red bellpepper but the seeds are pure fire. Kinda cool actually. 
Nice iPhone 5 ;)
It actually means you ave abandoned the argument.
Correction the power supply is a:PC Power and Cooling Silencer MK III 500W Modular 80PLUS Bronze Power Supply
isn't that what your supposed to do?
Where even a small man can cast a very large shadow...
I see the downvotes, AND THE "OMG HE'S GONNA RAPE HER BECAUSE HE ASKED HER TO SMILE!"
Get assaulted, and come back to me, entire fucking population of SRS. I *adore* the type of customer OP dealt with. She's just a brat. 
Hmm, I haven't really considered this, but it seems completely plausible. I just always assumed I'd, to put it poorly, "grow out" of that mindset.
i found this very enjoyable.
It flies really well, thanks for the .craft!
The OP and I are both open, way open, to suggestions.
god, if this was a [precious moments](http://www.preciousmoments.com/?gclid=CO-6_MHC3rICFYs7MgodJHwAgQ) figurine I would die happy
It wouldn't be as simple as making a part to stick in. I'm fairly certain the bolt would have to be modified. May as well just make a new rifle.
TIL not only is there a bar in my city that does this, there is also a bar in NYC that does this and also every city almost everywhere.
Haha, you're right! Fixing now.
Do you think this was exploited? He had teammates behind him and no reason to believe he was the last line of defense three yards off the line of scrimmage. Add on the personal foul penalty, and I don't see how this is malicious. I'd sit the kid down, but I still think blowing the play dead if the ballcarrier loses his helmet is a good idea.
My cheeks are abnormally stretchy, and make very entertaining noises if I grab them and flap them back and forth.
Meh.  My Chinese has been pretty bad lately.  I probably should have written GENG DUO in the second half.  咱们都最好朋友们！再来更多的饺子老外朋友！
I believe your black-or-white statement is on shaky grounds. I do not believe I am being silly. I do believe that your no true Scotsman claim is a bit brash and moot. Lena Headey plays Cersei. A character who's hair is light and gold being played by a woman who have dark raven  hair. We could talk about the hair colors of all the GoT characters but I'd rather not  and I don't imagine you making a stink about that factoid. I'm not going to cherrypick the right tone of skin color to match a character who currently only lives in the imagination of the reader.  The subtext of ASOFI is that Dornismen are not pale and fair skin. Therefore, we can work with gradients of skin color. Furthermore, you are blowing things out of proportion. Your statement about The Rock, Sylvester, and Tom Cruise is irrelevant and redundant. Yes, they could play the part. Your sentence is loaded enough and my hand is twisted enough to begrudingly agree with you on that sentence. Additionally, I don't need a socio-cultral less about the black people who reside in Sweden as that doesn't add substance to the topic. Now subjectivity aside, what I would like is for you to see that I merely make two points: acting ability comes first and that Martells should not be pale/fair skinned. Everything else is, I believe, fair game for people to play. Lastly, I'll direct your attention to this artistic rendition of [Arianne Martell](http://th01.deviantart.net/fs70/PRE/i/2010/263/2/4/arianne_martell_by_lauren_oh-d2z5djo.jpg). In my own opinion she looks like Zoe Saldana. 
My first memory of the internet was my dad using something called prodigy to look up King's Quest hints.  The first time I used the internet was to look up Mario 64 screenshots.
Perhaps we could put the messed up Jesus face in place of the blank face just to make nobody more personal. It may increase nobody's chances of winning.
it's a hypothetical scenario, it's about having logic within itself, not with our current reality.
And about the children, it says there if you've already had children, the cure will not work with you
I could only find a version for the iPhone / iPod. Has it been optimized for the iPad, or is another version in the works?
I will personally apologize for my fellow nosleepers impatience. Thank you for posting the pictures though.
cable shrugs have helped me the most
on the top-left for anyone looking
I think you will find my solution is empathetic, and that allowing unchecked reproduction of wastrels causes ignorance, fear, disease, and crime. The real tradgedy are the children who get fucked by the choices of incompetent parents who can't figure out that sex causes pregnancy.
Got a college ball ticket from a girl who was bullied quite a bit because i didn't have one. I told her i would pay her for it the next day but then sold her ticket, kept the £90 i made from it and never paid her back anything. She was too nice or shy to even ask me about it which makes me feel even worse.
Sounds like a future field trip. But don't worry, it's for the sake of studying. Drinking is obligatory. 
You're talking about the Bloodshed first tier skill, Killing Blow.
For me, the skill works when the enemy is at around 25% health. It has nothing to do with if you're in stealth mode or not. Other players have said it's around 30%, but that's not what I've experienced.
rapidstar from azubu frost is also known for a really strong anivia, as well as misaya.
> No, you seem to be saying parents and teachers shouldn't share responsibility in raising a child,
No. I'm not saying they shouldn't. I'm saying that they can't. Human psychology being what it is, it's impossible for them to do so even if they initially agree to do that. One (or both) will shirk responsibility onto the other. Sooner rather than later.
And it's not just parents and teachers. Any time responsibility sharing should occur, it can't. Through all walks of life, all circumstances. 
> I'm saying that this shared responsibility has been going on for centuries 
Jesus fucking christ. Modern public schools have only existed 150 years or so. Hardly the centuries you're alluding to. And what came before that bears little resemblance. Furthermore, the sort of religious education or education of the powerful aristocracy that occurred prior to modern schools... it most certainly wasn't shared at all. It was put off wholly on the "teachers" such as they were.
Do you think if some duke or prince in the 1500s sent his brat off to be taught somewhere that failure was in any way the fault of the parent? Are you seriously suggesting this?
It's fucking stupid.
> You really need to work on your attitude.
You need to work on your stupidity.
Gear questions: 
did you strap magazine pouches to your strong or weak side? 
are your boots waterproof (not a terribly big issue in the sandbox, i know)?
what was a combat load's weight (EDC)?
how much ammo did you EDC?
Also, thanks for what you did there. 
this is Michigan too.
I see... thank you for clearing that up. It seems like getting Genki would be a very good idea for me.
I think there's room for more.
It's neither an affirmative or a desu-thing (I don't know much about japanese but desu is a verb right?).
What you're hearing is seumnida and it's a polite/formal suffix that you add at the end of verbs, so it's not a verb in and of itself.
EDIT: http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20100603160507AATsQ28 <-- probably useful to you.
Don't know about the others, but Cam Ward has a new set of pads:
http://www.flickr.com/photos/jbk-ltd/7975044237/in/set-72157631504995718
http://www.flickr.com/photos/jbk-ltd/8004737729/in/set-72157631575587289/
There's also a TF logo in the bottom right and a beef burger with lettuce on the middle left. Two in the pink one in the stink is still the best though
None until they fix the tokens. I get 45 for a first run and 15 for a second run.
I'm sad.  Just....well...sad.  I'm going to go hide for a week now and cry a bit.  For some reason, even though I've been through all of the Pats losses in the past decade or so, this one feels bad. 
Freaking upvote. Listen to this dude.
I like the freedom of my employer not being allowed to do certain things, like make me work in unsafe conditions or have access to my personal email.  Is that a freedom you would like to give up?
At least they got the stats of drexler right. Meaning he actually gets rebounds, assists, and scores like he did.
I had a rat tail on the side in an attempt to look like Anakin Skywalker from Attack of the Clones in 4th grade. I'm so ashamed. 
From wikipedia:
>On a $45 million budget, filming began on 12 November 2010 in Cape Town, South Africa, and took place over approximately 13 weeks, with second unit photography occurring over 7 weeks. Filming locations also included Johannesburg and Cape Town Film Studios in Cape Town.
I couldn't find any mention of scenes being filmed in Los Angeles, but I only did a quick search.
I keep feeling my heart to make sure it's still beating.
AP Nidalee relies on spears for poke damage with a huge damage output upon landing, and has her cougar form's burst with %health for finishing moves. It's strong in a poke composition but outside of that you are probably gimping your team in a straight up fight because your burst is 1 spell and then you go melee range and probably die. Your traps and heal give you a slight utility in late-game.
AD Nidalee is a little more standard. When played bruiser top lane, zones out AD Carries pretty well with cougar's damage, mobility and innate tankiness. Nidalee also does very well top in a variety of matchups, so there's no real fear of getting beaten into uselessness during laning (unless you misplay).
Both can work, but it's basically a choice of how you want to play. Support Nidalee is terrible. You have a Zilean-esque early game with Spear harass and heals, but as you fall off you become the most useless support in the game with your minor heal and your traps being your only utility. So either play her top (best) or mid (situational).
Good luck!
I purposely wanted it that way. 
We have a bar like that in DC as well. It's called The Big Board. It's a pretty interesting idea. 
http://thebigboarddc.com/
Thanks for that, it looks pretty cool. It seems to overlap with my CDB a lot though, and almost seems to tend towards sneaker. I may not be envisioning it correctly, though.
"Hmmm, nothing good on TV tonight, guess I'll rip hairs out of my nutsack"
I would assume that since you're posting on an Internet forum you have access to Google, no?
If that's not suitable, I believe /u/green_flash posted links to the same effect. 
Where are you located?
Apparently nine years old isn't child molestation on Reddit...
why is it in a cage! hold the cuteness!
And Reddit takes down another website...
This is like the average gun review with 5 stars on agi and evike which causes me to never read reviews.
I too had to think for a while
Well, everytime i e with kennen i scream COCAINE BALL...
I don't think any of the games you have listed are out on mac. So this makes the argument pretty one sided. That being said you will want to invent in a new graphics card to make your games run at a manageable level. The processor is fine as is the RAM but you'll hit a wall when it comes to the card, there just isn't enough there to support Crysis, GTA, Saints Row. You might be fine with the rest (at least borderlands 1 and COD). Your no where close to battlefield specs however but that is one of the most system heavy games in existence. 
I would recommend a Nvidia card in like the 660 ti or 670 even.
If your on a budget then Radeon is know for better cost/power ratio. Maybe a 7850? I think its a good card for the price but I'm no expert so someone else might have something better for you 
http://www.videocardbenchmark.net/gpu.php?gpu=Radeon+HD+7850
I dont want to dir!!
So if someone said they want to kill the Prime Minister of any number of European counties they wouldn't be met with the same backlash and reaction?  
Yeah somehow I find it hard to believe Americans are the only ones who believe threatening the elected leader of a nation is not free speech.
i think it was more to do with how much they paid the girls to donate them and how tiny they were. i don't remember the whole story.
This what what my son had. Couldn't lie down flat for the longest time, always had to be held. We joked that we knew he was finished eating because he would send the "extras back to the kitchen." Man, that kid could barf...
I can help you out......if you do a web cam show for me.
That's like saying "Yeah, the chicken can cross the road.. but what if there's no road? The joke wouldn't work."
keep him at 0
It was a good game, I was really expecting it to be more competitive after the win you guys got over the Steelers. 
That's why I love the movie. That's why I own it on Bluray. That's why I'm doing an entire report on the movie and the "genre" of schlock for my college class.
Someone on here recommended 'Chasing the Molecule' by Buckingham.  It is a historical take on the evolution of the science of chemistry, going back to the ~1600s and up through modern day.  Its coverage of development of atomic theory is really interesting.
This man has balls of steel!
I think you completely misunderstood everything I said.  I did not say that dudes were awesome and better than girls.  However, if you really want your faith in humanity destroyed, wear something weird or say something weird while you're with your girl friends, and then find a way to eavesdrop on them after you leave, and your awesome girl friends will tear you apart.
Kind comment that disagreed with the hivemind, 6 down votes. I don't have 6 thumbs, but now you don't have 6 down votes. I told a girl she was pretty earlier with nothing else that was creepy, got 18 down votes. I was just trying to compliment someone for fucks sake.
Heck, weren't they "Catholic" for half their post-Western Empire history, inasmuch as the church of the Bishop of Rome was indeed more or less catholic until the Great Schism?
I'm just...so angry. Barely winning by a point isn't very reassuring.
Kronwall is my favourite d-man currently in the game.
I can support you :)  Add me IGN : "Geronto"
Server : EUW
That may be. But I rarely use the browser and it's fast enough for me. 
No fucking way this is legit
Doctor Who writers often tend to toy with the idea of killing off protaganists, and of course that's a literary no-no.  After many storylines with this element, you start realizing that it's never going to happen... something will always save the day, the only question is what.
Tangentially, I think it's crappy that a 20 year-old man in this day and age still feels that crying is socially unacceptable enough that he has to hide it.
I am colorblind, so I cannot smell blue
why are we getting cheated like this ? it sucks! 
Awesome then, maybe it'll be around, by the time toonami gets us up to current, hopefully
I have certain toys ([mainly this](http://www.amazon.com/Floppy-Disc-10-Inch-Original-Classic/dp/B006T7NKCI/ref=pd_sim_petsupplies_5/191-6922394-1287043)) my dog goes crazy over. If I have the Frisbee with me, she is following me.
During training ...just use some cooked chicken or something really yummy and use the word "COME" and give him/her a treat when they "come". 
I also use the word "FOCUS" and hold my finger up in front of my nose so they can snap out of the trance.
Just place the treat on the ground if the hand is an issue.
Yeah, that's true.  I'll admit though, first thing I thought was something along the lines of this comment, before I saw how cute the picture were.  :/
I'll be there Petra, I can't refuse MechaHitler, not and live at any rate.
There's cheese stuffed crust at our Pizza Hut. Fucking delicious. [](/bonbon)
I watched the video and thought "wow, if this doesn't fit everyone at some point in varying situations, and double wow, they've really designed the whole thing to make anyone experiencing anxiety to feel even more anxious from the tone of her voice, the animation, and the general pacing."
GG, PR firm. 
Could you PM me a scan of that or a source, I don't think I have seen these in OZ, I work in shopfitting and still have an old Graco EM400 circa 1975.
Exactly! Or just completely dumb ones. It kills me. I'm such a nice person..but I have the worst road rage. LOL.
Rad I'm going to get 8 tonight and get it installed.  
I don't get it.
  Being sexist against men is "reverse" sexism and being racist against a white person is "reverse" racism? Do these people actually think about what they say/type? Sexism is sexism and racism is racism.
You lucky bastard! I wish I could meet someone.......Well I did but he turned out to be an ass. He never even took me out on a real date so I've still never been on a date.....You lucky bastard! Good for you :D
Jamaica sounds lame. It's not Justin Bieber!
I prefer to think of it as "Johnny Bravo does science... and stuff."
I am so tempted to post a picture of myself.
A juicy steak, rose petals and a DIY enema kit. Just take your time... 
Thank you, California, for having some common fucking sense instead of a moralistic panic. 
Did anyone else end up just focusing on the review of Whitney Houston?
It's not normal to masturbate during lectures. 
you swore you were never going to sell your car for meth again?
Who would downvote comfortable pants...I'll check em out, thanks!
you have to take the good with the bad. also, harden the fuck up.
That sounds freaking amazing! I do have a small question though. Would the game be played in the first person or third person POV?
You know, I do miss the cum-sprites.
Oh dang, I think I meant Banana Republic. Was walking around an unfamiliar mall, either way, still felt out of place in that store.
Thanks!
You saying my throat acts just like my butthole?
Right, but if you *actually* care about the will of the people, not just if your guy wins, you register everyone, then tell them why your guy is awesome.  It's fine to support people, but you *should* want everyone to vote, *even if it isn't for your guy*, but you can still take the time to inform them why your guy is the greatest ever while you help them register.
I actually bought the borderlands 2 strategy guide solely for the art and humourous descriptions of various things. 
Here you go [gives a triple barreled shotgun]
I like silly faces.
of course he *almost* always gives the race he may end up murdering a choice to save themselves...
Are snes emulators actually playable?
Anyone have before and after pictures of her?  I will be my own judge.
**YOU CLIMAX BECAUSE WE DEMAND IT.**
[](/llaugh) yeah I've considered him wearing pants hanging low but then you don't see the hilarious cutie mark. 
He's saying SO BRAVE because your opinion is pretty general. Saying it all apprehensive like that is ridiculous.
BF3 has a harder, more realistic mode that takes away most of the HUD and it only take like 3 shots to kill someone depending on where you hit them, but you have to search for them through the servers.
That's not a bad idea. Thanks!
Actually Im a second year neuroscience Ph.D student this will be my last year of classes but i discovered this last year and  for courses like anatomy was priceless.
Ahh damn that's terrible haha
I needed a huge game from Peyton Manning to get me back in the game, and he scored a very respectable 28. My opponent's Drew Brees scored 34. Supplemented with 33 points from the Niners' Defense.
I am regularly told that I am a handsome man (mostly cause I am super tall).
But I think your out of my league. You are that beautiful. 
But you are exotic. So that can be weird. People like me feel complete admiration for your type of beauty. Some, will completely over look you. Not because your not beautiful, but because they want a different type of beautiful. Kinda like a Ford pickup man will turn his nose up at the newest Chevy truck out there. It's not because that truck is any worse than a Ford, it's just that its, not a Ford...
But to tell you the truth, if you batted your eyes at me, my mind would explode into pieces, and all those little pieces would immediately kneel and bow to you over and over, because I can not handle your sheer beauty, in such a concentrated form.
and I keep a pump in my car!
Painful...   Remember thrift games are often treated like rentals.   It may be back one day in the not too distant future.   
Well your string's length is probably giving you a total count of all characters, but if you're asking for a specific character it's most likely zero-indexed.  Meaning that the last character would be at position len - 1.
You'll need to use a loop, though, and it should run in reverse from the string's last character position to the first.  Hope that wasn't too much of a give-away.
Haha.  I had it frapsed but it didn't turn out too well because of desync.
Out of all the people you couldve chosen, You used Young as an example??
just went onto another computer and signed into another account. Turns out this thread has been censored from anyone who hasn't already posted in it . . . 
It seem like Orwell's 1984 to me, sometimes.
We all hope the best for your recovery
Well here is my [profile](http://us.battle.net/d3/en/profile/Sorry-1610/hero/4172133). As for advice for you, go to diabloprogress.com and look at the top DPS monks there. If you want gear advice, make a new thread with more information of your needs. Sorry I could not be more of a help.
I have no issues with him calling another team a joke or overrated. He's just speaking out his mind and trashtalking. He's not going overboard with his trashtalk but just enough to get get fanboys riled up. 
Also people keep bringing up professionalism, I say who let the professionals figure out what "we the fans" like. If Doublelifts fanbase likes him taking a few jabs at other teams, then he'll keep doing it even if it pisses off other teams fans. If people like other players saying the all the teams are excellent contenders and we can lose to anyone of them then by all means keep doing that. 
It'd be boring as hell to just have everyone say "yeah, yeah such-n-such team is good, and so is such-n-such, end of story". I'd rather have them say "Such-n-such is a joke we'll stomp them in the group stage." Then watch as they either eat their words or prove themselves victorious. Other sports have used this too attract people in such as UFC and Boxing, which is why they have these huge drawn out smack talking interviews and pictures of them looking face to face like they want to kill each other. It's fun and upps the excitement. But instead with League people want it to be all sunshine and rainbows, rather than an actual competition with teams having confidence to say what they actually think and the confidence to back it up.
or, make her manaless like shyvanna? 
Sorry, I probably *am* oversimplifying things. I just really think we need to move away from the idea that it's *impossible* for a woman to win a fight with a man, or that that odds for that are abysmally low. (Edit: Because even if a woman has a 10% chance of winning, everyone will still assume she has *no* chance of winning.)
Personally, I would recommend Epiphone. It really depends on what style guitar feels and looks best for you. I would say to go to a store that has a good selection of guitars and just try them out to figure out what you want. Nowadays you can get pretty much any body style for cheap.
I like it.
My arsenal is nothing compared to this.  Two night-finders, a Mav, some Buzzbee and a Z-Curve.
yea have a great body!
i'm pretty sure Portal is available for PC. I'm not much of a PC gamer. Also, if you have a Wii , World of Goo is interesting. Sounds pretty lame i know, but just to get her started playing something with you. My ex showed it to me and it's actually pretty entertaining. Good bonding game as well. Depends what she's into, Diablo and stuff like that has been fun for me, but you have to be interested in that kinda stuff i guess. 
If one team gets trapped at C it becomes a grenade spamfest. Otherwise it can be quite fun. You could also try a no explosives server (I'm not sure if consoles have them, but I know PC does).
You assume that filters can actually work.  That's a bad assumption, because it's wrong.  It's really easy to lie to the internet.
I think it was a joke...but a really bad one.
Yes they are.  This is historic revisionism.  
The framing here is that throughout history women were oppressed and hidden by men who were jealous of their superior intelligence.  It's saying men are evil and women are smarter than men.  It's saying men are subhuman.
Children are being educated by this shit.  They are educated to believe that men are subhumans.  That men are inherently evil, stupid, jealous and oppress women.  You should be concerned about this stuff.  Almost every time you get a woman going along with what she knows is anti-male sexism it is because at the back of her mind she has this filth poisoning her.  She will often even come right out and say it, "Well sure it's bad for men now but it's only fair because men have oppressed women for thousands of years."  And she "knows" that men deserve to be attacked because she's been taught that throughout history men were evil, jealous, stupid and violent.
Don't you feel bad that you're just a reminder that he's blind?
Very cute.  Be more confident in public and approach men who interest you.
Also they cancelled Firefly. 
Never forget. 
Somehow you just made frozen yogurt racist.
I'm jealous of the kind of person who's able to eat them this way.
Good choice! One of my favorite models
I think editing your comment to save face is a pathetic move.
I used to wear ties over anything... t-shirts and whatnot.  I WAS PUNK... and I liked Avril Lavigne.
Wow, actually, that's a lot of money for a simple leather strap.
let me guess the dolphins? if so i know that feel and with the marlins im kind of use to it but still :(
In this thread under the text there is a subtitle saying the number of comments. Directly under that is something that says "sorted by:" with a drop down you can sort by newest, top, best, and controversial.
I don't think anyone thinking realistically could have guessed the Cards would be 4-0 at this point. This is insane.
It is definitely Qantas link.
The NASA site says that the photo was taken in SE Queensland.
Larry is an unusual name for a woman.
Never look for logical reasoning among illogical people.  Not because it is a bad idea to poke holes in poor arguments, but because after a while you are not going to want to keep paying for tylenol and massages when your patience wears thin as a result of trying to talk to them.
Looks like a car that would be in GTA when you get lots of stars. I like it.
It's a British secondary school qualification taken in the final 2 years of secondary school by those wanting to go to university.
Shoulda used a red Solo cup.
Hmm I should have realized that, since there aren't actually any paralyzed people in the paralympics.  Not sure what they'd do.  Scooter races?
Awesome! I'm in the room now!
You are stupid. Learn English.
The way that threads get picked on reddit is TOTALLY FUCKED. The "Front Page OF THE INTERNET" is all cats, dogs, AMA's (Which are fucking awesome), and whiny shit about relationships. Why the fuck can't ingenuity be cool too?
I've been learning Russian for four years now, so I guess I should pick a new language. My professor suggested learning Chinese, so I guess Mandarin to have a critical language under my belt as a foreign languages major. Or Hebrew, because my Jew roots. 
That's really cool, could that be an underground bunker? Maybe the people who lived there first made it in case of war or something.
Other than the Madara and Hashirama statue (which at the time was a symbol of reconciliation), no. The idea is first solidified when Tobi talks about it.
After the finals Regi said" Easiest finals of our lives", reddit overexagerated it and made it seem like it was the worst thing in the world and the teams would hate each other
Thanks! I've been getting a lot of crappy items lately so I was so pumped when I got this one.
I've seen him do it on 4th and goal.
Are the Mets going to try and win now, though? Their recent spending shows that they're heading the rebuilding route, so I dunno if they'd want waste Wright's prime on a team that probably is 2-3 years from going back to contention. Personally, I'd try and trade him for top-level prospects. Of course, I'm not a Mets fan, so I don't really have any attachment to Wright. 
But that picture already exists... 
bjge fumbling and not getting a td cost me my matchup... i lost by less than 7. (i benched hartline for simpson too)
Apparently "kid appropriate" means it has to be completely sanitized now?  Rango was plenty kid-appropriate.
The term is thrown around so loosely, and covers such a broad spectrum. From the B&W era, Out of the Past, Double Indemnity and The Postman Always Rings Twice (the John Garfield version). Modern era - Chinatown. The list is endless - you won't go wrong with any of the above.
If you're joining for the educational benefits, why join the Marine Corps instead of, say, the Air Force?
Giants fans - I hope all of us have our emergency cardiac defibrillator machines charged up & your health insurance is up to date. Incoming hearts attacks (after being given a break last game). 
I just drink at home for 1/50th the cost.
Your screen name should be "IF_I'VE_SEEN_THIS_THEN_NOONE_CAN"
Chargers fan here. Just stopping by to say congratulations! It feels good that the West is dominant. Fuck the east coast and fuck the haters. GO Cards!
So she set his dog on fire to what? Be an asshole? Good thing he's gone.
Yeah, no... no thanks. I'd rather have the guy who a Bucs fan here was talking about named Forbarth. BTW, until today I had never heard of him.
Chuck Palahniuk is hands down my favorite author. Rant, is probably my favorite book...amazingly twisted and crazy.
Same here man, what a coincidence.
Quitting is permanent. Taking a break is temporary.
Thank you :). He actually broke his leg when he was a puppy, my mom had to spend months taking care of him to get him back to health.  He literally couldn't walk or put any pressure on his leg.  
He's an amazing dog though.  
No Amazon for a gift card is fine. What you are thinking of is the Amazon wishlist.
Well, if she's on her period, I get use to her colon.
That's awesome. I know there was a whole thread on /sp/, but thanks for letting me know. You should make one about Drew Brees' performance today.
I liked it a lot, and I agree. Did you like it?
Oh god, I wish I would've seen your username earlier, can you scream "self-righteous twat" any louder?
They do! No one sounds like a noob for asking questions. I hope you find what you're looking for. 
Let's go Ervin! Time to settle down and sit these Rangers down.
I'm used to the rampaging Muslim hordes running around burning things and killing people. That's just what they do, and they will take any excuse to do it. What really pisses me off is the Liberal Muslim apologists who refuse to admit that this has anything to do with religion. 
It's pretty funny, I guess. 
you just said yourself you like to game on a couch / TV
How is this stuff possible?  I see so many people's game ruined by these glitches on a daily basis.  Why doesn't the developer fix them?  After making a ton of money off of this game I'm a little disappointed.
Ok, I'll bite. How on earth do you figure that?
Can you take a screen shot of Recording Devices?
http://take-a-screenshot.org/
Farm Fresh eggs are... the best.
That was beautiful. Excuse me while I wipe my tears. (that was sarcastic, but not in a bad way)
you need to say tobacco spliffs, because plenty of people smoke spliffs in america that DONT contain tobacco. i could be wrong, i said that. but go wherever you want in america and see how many people do this. ask your friends. go to online forums. go to smoke shops in cali. im sure you will find out that its not common in america (it is absolutely common in europe, however). are *you* even readying my comments? i said i could be wrong. im probably not, though. im done man, have a nice day.
True, but I think using lava or drowning is much more efficient.
A proper red velvet cake is a world away from any "normal" cake. Red Velvet has a hint of cocoa powder for a slight flavor, but the real star comes from the vinegar that's added just before baking. Yes, I said vinegar. Red Velvet has a higher proportion of baking soda, and by adding just a bit of vinegar (I believe 1 Tbsp) it causes a slight reaction which is what gives real Red Velvet cake the incredible flavor and texture that sets it apart from any other cake. Now I'll agree that 99% of what is advertised as red velvet is pure shit and barely different than any yellow cake. But if you ever get the chance to have it done proper, it's damn near religious.
So, how has your experience been setting up a server? What provider did you end up choosing?
Well hello to you too! Thank you for your submission! I enjoyed watching/listening! I've added you to the list.
Yeah, sometimes they'll just "be on" at the same time, but take turns, one doing a few tracks or 10-15min and then the next one. 
You have a weird definition of "hate," brother.
Or it will go back to living in the woods and continue doing bear things...
Welcome to Doctor Who, where the timelines are made up and canon doesn't matter.
Sorry everyone's being a dick to you, OP.
I already see a new meme incoming from this... good thing it's in the comments and not the main page
I like those too. I'm just reminiscing over what I watched when I got home from school in 7th grade. I think that Tiny Toons is one of the best shows ever.
[citation requested] on that legality thing.
This thing even has a hat with its username on it...
Hmmm... Not sure if I would trust YOU with that blowjob though
For a while, melandru gave complete condition immunity at least for PvE. Needless to say, it was pretty overpowered for some dungeons that were based around being balanced by heavy condition application
I like this a lot. There's a lot of things they could do against/for massive units. (One possibility: revert snipe changes so it does higher base damage, but less to massive)
I've actually gotten mad about this several times. It's such a hassle trying to explain to my mom why she must purchase the scoops because it makes it so much easier on me. I'm sorry you're going through this. 
Fuck sake, hopefully not, I can't hack that phrase...
I wish you luck kid.
I would be Julia Roberts.... so the first thing I would do is kill myself.
I agree that it is not proven to solve our problems, but it is definitly a step forward for myself for clearing up the supposed "mind fog". It may be a good thing that I come across hard encounters just to test my willpower for that extra mile.
Thank you for the reply and support!
Please look up Intermittent Fasting and go away. My energy levels are just fine thank you.
As one who loves gang starr very much, I'd just like to say fuck solar.
Don't you just set the block id to 0? Since air is a block it should work. 
that looks like [my keychain too..](http://9e44f932.ultrafiles.net)
***EcoInteractive***:
>&#91;2012/09/30&#93;&#91;23:41:31&#93;
>[&#91;Translate&#93;](http://translate.google.com/#auto|auto|Blue Tipped Nudibranch ~ http://t.co/gbjueOyf ~ Costa Rica travel information #travel http://t.co/UpYq5fvu http://t.co/p0H8TvHj 'google translate this tweet'): Blue Tipped Nudibranch &#126; [*EcoInteractiveVacations.com*](http://EcoInteractiveVacations.com/ 'url unshortened via longurlplease.com, images rehosted by imgur.com') &#126; Costa Rica travel information [*&#35;travel*](https://twitter.com/search/%23travel 'twitter tag search') [*facebook.com*](http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?pid=10667410&l=f0cde75c8c&id=129086806542 'url unshortened via longurlplease.com, images rehosted by imgur.com') [*i.imgur.com*](http://i.imgur.com/F4Di1.jpg 'url unshortened via longurlplease.com, images rehosted by imgur.com')
[&#91;This comment was posted by a bot&#93;&#91;FAQ&#93;](http://www.reddit.com/r/tweet_poster/faq 'tweet_poster')[&#91;Did I get it wrong?&#93;](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweet_poster&subject=Error%20Report&message=[Oops!](http://reddit.com/r/pic/comments/10qgol\)%0d%0dPlease leave the subject and this link unaltered, but feel free to add a description here. 'report an error')
I apply with my fingers normally, or a flat shadow brush if I really want to build up product. I plan on getting all of them when I have the money. I love them!
Eminem's tribute "Difficult" to the death of his friend Proof. You can hear true emotion in this one
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IkRXKn22y0
Objectively bad movies can sometimes be fun to watch. Consider Avatar, Death Race, or the last Batman.
Originally agreed with elnerdo but good points. I would definitely want this now. Thank you, sir.
Mandarin, because that way I will have both of the major languages used to communicate in the future. 
Are you saying you're homophobic, then? 
Happened to me on the left side, just rode home with my foot on the passenger peg :P
You should look it up. Its history consists of 40 years of prominent ex-gay spokesmen and reparative therapy practitioners either getting kicked out of the movement for backsliding, or quitting the movement on the own because they've come to the realisation that it doesn't work and there's nothing wrong with being gay. 
Why bother parenting? The state is there to make all the decisions for you when it comes to how you want to raise your own child.
Looks great to me!
Speaking of which, Ross Perot will be on CSPAN Monday night
http://www.c-span.org/Events/Ross-Perot-Interview-with-USA-Today/10737434517-1/
I watch Doctor Who because I want to be entertained. And for me, both RTD and Moffat and all other episode writers have given me my semi-weekly dose of entertainment in spades.
Granted, I do not have the backlog knowledge of 50 years of Who-lore stuck in my brain, because I started with Christopher Ecclestone, and not with the 8 predecessors. I have seen a couple of old-Who serials (roughly one of each doctor, which the exception of Paul McGann, not gotten around to watching the movie), and I have enjoyed those too.   
But perhaps I'm not the prototype hardcore fan-nerd that gets a semi whenever they can deconstruct an episode to its finest cores to find those flaws that break the episode for them.
I think for the writers, it's entertainment first, continuity and canon second. A show with 50 years of lore under its belt, don't you think it's almost impossible for writers to stay close to canon?   
So what if the Doctor could've used doohicky from way-back-when to solve MonsterOfTheWeek's issues in seconds. How does that make for an entertaining hour?    
That would end the show like a WarGames simulation, the only way to win is to not make an episode at all. And I think we can all agree that that would not be a good solution.
Unfortunately, most of this requires me waiting another year haha but thank you for the suggestions!!
Posted! Looks like [this](http://i.imgur.com/2Fwjp.png).
Don't buy into crazy.
What's the medium and ph measure?
Is it mostly upper leaves or lower leaves or all over?  What part of the plant did it start at?
What can I say... Those curves are just.... Perfection. Absolute perfection. So beautiful and sexy and .... Just...  *sighs*.  ;)
This sounds like you're discussing a scenario involving two of the most rational, un-emotional people on earth, people who have a mutual scientific interest in the various components of their past relationship. *I* have been discussing something more relevant to the original topic, namely a scenario where one participant feels they are already satisfied with the conclusion and the *other* participant is still hanging on. I assume this is the source of my strawmanning.
> If one party is looking for closure, then professional guidance towards that closure can be very helpful.
Yes! Of course! Where we're disagreeing is the need for it to be *couples'* counseling.
Saying "the two of us need to go to counseling" is just saying "this relationship between the two of us is not over yet, and it won't be over until I'm personally satisfied that it's over, and therefore you have to continue participating in it with me until *I* am ready to let go." It's a hostage situation. 
If one person needs closure, they can get that by going to therapy themselves - possibly they'll receive some advice there about how to talk to their ex, or maybe they'll isolate exactly what kind of response they're seeking from their ex and their therapist will help them determine whether or not that's reasonable. But expecting the ex to go *with* them to therapy? 
It's just emotional blackmail. It's not respecting the ex's wishes to end the relationship. 
> and having both parties there also helps (so as to be certain that the closure is based on the true feelings of both parties
Is this actually important? If the person who wants closure couldn't get an explanation that satisfied them from their ex on their own, is it really reasonable to let them drag that ex to a counselor like a naughty child and demand that the ex give a reason that makes "enough" sense? Do you owe everyone you break up with a dissertation on your every motivation? 
Part of closure is learning to live with *not knowing*. You don't know how things would have gone if you'd stayed together, you don't know exactly what you could have done to make it work, you don't know definitively if it was more her fault or more your fault, but you puzzle it out as charitably as you can, you accept it, you strive to be a better person going forward and then you move on. 
What's your experience been with this sort of couples' counseling? What does a couples' counselor actually do when one person is unreasonable and the other person just wants to leave?
Hey, it happens to a lot of people haha 
The networks will/can switch to another game when the game currently being shown is a blowout. People in the SF market stayed with the game until the end though. So with like 7 minutes left in the SF game the network switched over to the Falcons game which was a bit more competitive.  
You too! We must all do something in the near future!
(my personal subtitle for this image)
*Come, let me show you the dance of my ponies*
Either *Fight Club* or *Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep*
I found both of these to be very interesting and a bit mind opening philosophically
I sincerely hope you're not trying to say that Europe holed and everything and USA holed nothing?
But I do think it would have been a different story if that putt had gone in.
I can understand that.  I own a wildlife company, and frankly, I'm embarrassed at times to be part of this industry.  Not all of us put profit ahead of the animals, but I will readily admit that I have to put my customers needs ahead of the animals needs in some cases (provided it doesn't hurt the animals unnecessarily).
I am shocked that you don't have relationships with your local companies - I have a great working relationship with my local rehabbers, and a number of my competitors do too.  I've found this to help my business, while I'm able to help my local rehabbers through donations.
Are you a mod there or a user? If you are a user it's possible the mods are removing the posts and you should ask them, if you are a mod then check to see if you've hidden the posts here: http://www.reddit.com/user/AccioInternets/hidden/
If the posts that are disappearing aren't yours check your preferences under 'link options' and see if you have 'don't show links after i've liked them (except my own)' & 'don't show links after i've disliked them (except my own)'
If not I'll have to head over at 11AM...It would just seem so awkward.
I hope you and your girlfriend are safe!
My boyfriend came to visit me, but I was on my period so sex was a no no, but i succesfully gave him a hand job that made him cum, AND ithe next day I was able to give him a blow job without gagging the entire way through! 
This is a repost. Please downvote accordingly.
Thank you.
-Repost Sanitation Co. - "Making your day better, one original post at a time."
©2012, Repost Sanitation Co.
Better idea!
I so wish I had gone to a shelter.. We got the dog free, from a litter of pups, from his family.  I thought I could handle it, but of course didn't know I was pregnant, and it was just too much. I tried, I did, but I was not happy, and I'm sure she didn't enjoy being cooped up so much since I was exhausted all the time. She wasn't what I wanted at the time... I needed a snuggle buddy like my last dog, and though she was VERY loving (like, put a paw on you and climb practically on your head while rolling onto her back when you pet her.), all her needs were just too much. She was hyper and demanded attention I couldn't give. Sweet dog, I would have liked her more if she wasn't my responsibility...
It's a staple of the internet. Everyone should see it at least once. 
I'm just glad they didn't go the idiot route and say "like a sir".
Buyer and seller are part of the same equation.  Supply and demand is basic economics.  The bots behave as if people do, and the transactions only helps to close the gap quicker.  In my examples above, the equilibrium is reaches at 30c and there's no reason that anyone needs to buy for less, or sell for more.  Sure, one might have seen an opportunity at 25c, it doesn't stop another human player coming along and put in a better order at slightly higher, I do this all the time to quickly get my order filled.  But since the supply is high, it resets back to the next price point fairly quickly too.
Even if the prices were equal, Amazon doesn't charge tax.
How many bro fights have you gotten into?
>Why doesn't realize there  
English, please!
Confirmed, I'm in my fourth year of learning it, not nearly as hard as I suspected.
Dan Marino. Seriously, how is it that arguably the greatest QB of all-time never got a ring? 
Dear god those joints in the tobacco tray at the end are insane 
yeah, it's even shown in the whole, bodybuilders are better at lower weight, higher reps thing.
we are cursed by the injury gods.
"lol VLC is the best it's the only thing I use because reddit told me to use it"
WMP actually outperforms VLC for my .mkv's. VLC will often pause or skip, while WMP is smooth. Or maybe this is an advertisement.
Which is why she should be fired. I still don't think she should go to jail. 
Cardiac Cards showed up today.
This is about all that's left of the season for me. That and the Broncos matchup on the 28th that I'll be at.
Mmabyee sajsshpwnw gayji ugguysf
Most of these aren't true at all. 
Check your spelling dumb ass.  You sound even more like an ignorant piece of shit with bad grammar/spelling.
Fiddly to use and a waste of my time compared to the free alternatives I use such as hipmunk, kayak, skyscanner and carriers for the routes I am interested in.
My favorite piece of decor in that entire room: the Jurassic Park movie poster. 
>spend the last 15 minutes doing what anyone else would do with my girlfriend.
That could prove to be a bit crowded then. Props to your girlfriend for being so accommodating, though.
I use [Sports Scoreboard](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eoippgliebkkmjhjlgealjghjcknfdae) to for various NHL, MLS, and MLB teams I follow.
Of course NFL and NBA are included in the extensions list of leagues.
I have a mac, so, unfortunately, I do that with a lot of games.
The very first time I had sex (female), I screamed out, "Oh Jesus!" To which he responded, "My name is JUSTIN!" Laughter ensued and I was not able to go on.
Battle might be the Michael Bush/Mike Tolbert goalline vulture back though, so he'll have so decent looks as a bye week fill-in for a Flex or low RB2 slot.
Microwavable Dance Party. Not kidding.
Oh my god. I have no words. I have watched your show since I was six, and I am extremely happy to be commenting. When president Obama wrote, I was not nearly as excited, but Adam savage, a redditor! Yes.
I was simply asking why she didn't like the series, since it's very popular with a lot of people. I never implied that they're *supposed* to like it. Personally, I loved the series. It reeled me in, kept me in, and never let go. Why was the writing horrible? I felt that she explained things well and was quite descriptive. 
I like sniping from long distances with the .50 in new vegas.  Gotta have the strength though.  If you are under the right number with that weapon the cross-hairs are nearly impossible to predict.
Glowing ones and giant radscorpions are nice to see drop when they are just barely being drawn by the program.  Sweeeet!
I've got a flower delivery here for a Mr... 'John-Luck Pickerd'?
Looks like a very gravid (pregnant) [*Neoscona crucifera*](http://bugguide.net/node/view/700233/bgimage).
I've met lots of children but thankfully not too many with ADHD, because they've been parented properly and over on this side of the world we haven't quite bought into the culture of dumping responsibility and doping up our kids as has gripped the US.
I stumbled here via the general link, now you're stuck with me. Cheers!
This gif reminds me of that girl that angrily shakes a giant dildo at people who cut her off in traffic
Mighty fine advice, indeed! I DO need to get better at that.
I'm heading over to /r/golf to have a gloat!
Never summer, because they're local and have incredible customer service. Electric because their googles fit my head best. 
To get to your point, I don't support any of the brands I support because they're benevolent. 
Yep, there's a lot of ground to cover between "There is an un-caused cause" (not self-caused cause, btw) and "Repent and believe Jesus rose from the dead."  You've got to start somewhere though and establishing God's relation to the cosmos seems like a reasonable place.  The next step (I suppose, I've never seen anyone actually do this) would be to show that the God of the Bible is the un-caused cause.
lol are you fishing for midterm essay help? I've been doing the same thing. 
In this case I would say that free will is different from optical illusions in that the latter deals with perception, while the former deals with experience. We can test evidence against our specific sensory perceptions because, after all, our senses are flawed in some cases. 
However, our perceptual capacity as a whole is much different, and I think the pragmatist must argue that our basic, intuitive notions of the world are trustworthy. Perhaps by appeal to Occam's razor: It is much simpler that our basic understanding of the world reflects the world itself, than our basic understanding of the world reflects something unlike the world itself. 
Note: I'm not sure that's actually what William James argues, that's just one argument I remember from class.
I think on Wednesday or Thursday they have market crashes where all the drinks get really cheap for five minutes or so. I love it.
Yeah, but we have enough crack addicts hanging outside our stores that it really doesn't slow the kids down. 
9/11 is still very fresh in a lot of people's minds. 20+ years is slightly forgotten, and can talked about in a more historical rather than a first-person how we felt context.
That always made me laugh for the same reason, same with City Liquor on Richmond
Boy that WW nerf was brutal. I can't believe they've done this.
It was the most challenging experience I have ever had, but also the most rewarding. Its a pretty hard thing to quantify in a post but if you'd like to send me a message with your phone number I'd be happy to give you a call and talk about it.
I have a friend named Andrew, and back in middle school he sent a video of himself jacking off to a girl. She told people, Now everyone calls him "Handrew"
Not having to compromise when deciding on where to go and when to leave, what to make for lunch or dinner, what movie to see.
You have evil eye in Hinduism too ? welcome to the club :)
I just joined reddit officially today. Been reading before then, though. 
I got rid of my Facebook because of this issue.  It's hard for anybody to be offended when you *can't* be friends with them or their parents.
that sounds classy, even for a strip club
So is your comment.
Oh is this your blog? I thought this was a rage comic subreddit. MY MISTAKE. 
Removed.
Your Call of Duty prowess is quite impressive. 
Takes one play off because someone poked my eye out.
Replacement fumbles which leads to opponent TD.
Froch is forever underrated.
Ricky Burns is a hero.
God I hate the eagles so much. Seething anger fluids out my eyes right now.
This is not the type of cringe we're looking for.
k-lite codec pack, come on! internet 101...
dog laying across a woman's lap.
I UNDERSTAND THAT REFERENCE!
I've been trying the nectar stuff as it was on offer some time ago. Quite nice, but seriously sweet. 
Make a thread [HERE](http://survivedayz.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?96-Report-Here-To-Get-Whitelisted) to get whitelisted and we will send you a pm with all of the server information :) 
Don't worry, your mind will be incredibly fucked by the end. It is one of the few book series that doesn't decline in quality as it continues. To give you an idea Ender's game was originally never supposed to happen, and the sequel was to be the first book. 
Whether they are technically right or not, the court won't take them seriously enough to win.. or the police officers to not take them to court.
Even if there is some magical way to get around the law, if it's not what the authorities want to hear / used to hearing, they aren't going to listen.
It also doesn't help that most of them preach their points like lunatics and don't really know what they're talking about, just quoting pieces they saw online.
Including what other commenters have said, the Gulf of Tonkin 'incident' was surrounded by conspiracy theories at the time too - then in 2010 released papers effectively proved it to be a false flag/lies/'conspiracy' fact. [NY Times article](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/07/15/world/asia/15vietnam.html?_r=4&emc=eta1&).
I concur. When's Jesus going to start?
The system doesnt come with a controller? I have a ps3 so i dunno how xbox does their business
>It is absurd, because?
Relatively big and original ideas are the main content of the history of ideas.
Regarding your other premise, there is no robust, coherent "tradition" of novel progress.
Thank you for the reply!
i caught this one live, a great cap to a good night. just as impressive were two previous instances where henry drew away defenders and the toronto keeper only to pass to a teammate who easily knocked in the goals. toronto just looked awful out there. no wonder they're in last.
You guessed it! You must have ESPN or something!
Haha. Its adorable, you know how the doctor scans something then turns it sideways to "read" it. He does that. The first time he did that I was one proud mommy!
no prob man. stay strong
GTI, WRX, Focus RS, Citroen DS3/DS4, Fiat 500 Abarth...it's a long list. Basically, sporty and 3 doors typically fall under the hot hatch label. 
Unfortunately for the US market, Europe gets waaaay more or them than we do. 
Are your goals long term or more the day to day accomplishments? 
Depends on where you're flying.
In wormholes, guardians are the king. Great resistance profile, tiny sig, and free energy for ships that need it (bhaalgorns, bhaalgorns, bhaalgorns).
This is the only answer.
Similar as in the character sprites? Camera angles? Static backgrounds? Anime intro? How old (estimate) was the main character? What color was his hair? What weapon did he use?
"or some other place" ... So Israel is the fulfilment of Hitler's plan.
Israel or that country where borat come from? 
OP has such terrible reading comprehension it's embarassing
I would just get water or eat dried cranberries. Or just say no to everything unhealthy. 
:) 
I got straight level 5s
So fucking pro
Edit: Downvoted for that? Haha, whatever
Keep downvoting and soon my comment karna will be exactly double my link karma :D
I'd steal a lot of porn and mastu... wait, didnt read the text..
Yeah. Well, seeing as the internet is completely pointless now with noone else on it, I guess i'd probably go do stuff. Like, acquire mankinds most powerful weapons and most expensive gadgets and just mess around. Sandbox style. Oh, but i'd finish borderlands first.
You should probably undo that. I have RES and I use reddit and don't see the eps when they air. I just stay off reddit for that day until I see it.
I have killed numerous dragons.
I have felled innumerable bandits.
I have explored vast reaches of the deepest dungeons.
Surely, standing contrapposto will make all fear me.
This should be in /r/conspiracy...
Not many do but we care right now because these two are the kings of chokes and dropped combos. This set just proved which person is better than the others. Because of this, CJ is one level up. Around the level of Honzo Gonzo.
Alternatively you dont have to give anything food related at all. Dollar stores and sections at places like Target & Walmart often have halloween pencils/pens/socks, etc. You could also just give out a packet of gum (if youre a gum chewer, so nothing will go to waste). There was a dentist in my neighborhood would would give out packets of gum and it was a big hit. You could decorate the packages with halloween stickies or whatever.
i remember, i was about 12 my uncle bought me live after death and it blew my mind got me into rock and metal (along with deep purple live in japan he burned me) 6 years on maaiden are still my fav band
On a similar note, I'm fucking sick and tired of people thinking they have the right of way going right on red when I'm going left/making a u turn on a green. Drives me fucking nuts.
My dad was a peacekeeper in the Korean DMZ, when he served (like 30 years ago) you could get your hands chopped off for having marijuana. The locals if they even saw or smelt it would yell "Happy smoke!" in Korean, and you did not want to get caught. Even if you were a US soldier.
Excellent physical definition, and I am really liking your manfur.
adorable man + massive stack of books = hottest thing ever.
Haha, yes, and I was outraged XD
I just recently passed the 4 year mark with my gf.I have gotten used to her being around, but if she ever pulled this kind of thing or vice versa it just wouldn't go. If you can't stand up to your significant other and talk these things through, then it's not a healthy relationship.
Thanks, this is all great information. You've spurned me on to go further.
Im not sure if you will see this but you need to test the myth of a car with enough down-force driving upside there's been talks of someone going to do it but they quickly died down. 
F1 style:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHDojzNA8gs
2 birds with one stone get top gear in on this and it would be an amazing group episode:
http://www.topgear.com/uk/car-news/gumpert-apollo-ceiling
ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, that FUCKING explains it
I've seen them destroy so many asian teams. I can't wait to see them play against the NA and EU teams. 
Hey there, you seem to be yelling!  You don't need to be so loud with your title, your submission should be the one doing the talking for you. [Here's a link to resubmit with a more appropriate title](/r/Minecraft/submit?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DTIdf0-jj5OE&resubmit=True&title=Awesome+Minecraft+Castle+House+Timelapse 'click here to submit').
Why would you remove eldrazi monument in Teysa? 
Divinity and Serra I have to as my entire playgroup runs them as well
I'm sorry it has come to this.
^I'm ^really ^not. ^Muahahahaha
Seriously though, good game.
how do you propose a country maintains an army that could enforce its will on the entire american landmass? We, the "strongest military ever conceived" can't even hold vietnam, afghanistan, iraq, and those people are way less likely to be armed
Wasn't she trying to be on the Green Party ticket? 
The second from the right looks like Maria Ozawa
I don't get it, you could sign a contract, get a free phone, then cancel it one day later and walk away with a free $600 dollar phone?
Ce n'est pas du tout petite, mais j'aime! Mais je ne parle pas francais tres bien...
I am seriously thinking about getting this.  I already have my launch ps vita, but I may actually pick this up (the white one looks better imo).  Plus my wife keeps bugging me to play LBP, so this would help solve that issue.
Sorry. I got busy. :3
I liked your article, but I still don't believe EVERY project you start is worthy of being focused on to completion.
Sometimes us new guys start too big, bite off more than we can chew, or build things with too little knowledge and make a simply unacceptable mess. I have dozens of unfinished projects: Some tiny and incomplete, some with ideas far too large for me to create faithfully. My current main project bears completion though because it is *challenging* but *comfortably inside my scope*.
The article you linked is fully agreeable if those two criteria are met, IMO.
The surplus is certainly there, but beekeepers have general timelines for when they start/stop collecting honey in order to keep the colony healthy. If they feel that a colony will not have enough stored honey to overwinter properly, then they could always provide an artificial food source such as [sugar water](http://www.grit.com/uploadedImages/GRT/blogs/Corinne/Beeatfeeder.jpg) or [sugar patties](http://www.gardenfork.tv/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/insulated-inner-covers-beekeeping.jpg).
Spanish. As a California resident, it would greatly increase my ability to interact with a lot of locals in my town. :) 
Challenges/badass ranks! I just willpowered my way to the 3 million for the hoard challenge, now I can finally spend it all on slots.
I love this band, Just heard [Hold the Heathen Hammer High](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fu2bgwcv43o) not too long ago and downloaded there stuff, even songs that aren't in English I find myself somehow trying to sing along too.
The chat on the stream is just awful. 
it never was "Cool"
*bracing myself* Mumford and Sons. 
thats why its fantasy football....
At my brother's graduation, there was a person who's name was Ding Ding. No middle name.
No I think his calculation was correct. Only there's no need for a cube root.
Edit: Thanks for all help! I've decided to go to a salon and get them to see what my hair actually needs. If it does need anything I will let them do it. I don't want to take any chances! Thank you! :)
"X is op", insert any champion that beat me.
When I take my under wear off before a shower and it's around my ankles I can get it on one foot then kick it up to my hands.
I read in the 4th ed Necron codex that mortal souls were much tastier than stars. so now they want to hunt mortal souls. 
If he is a wrestler, at least you don't have to worry about being KO'd from the feet. I'd say go for it, it is not a high level title. Just take it as another fight. 
Short answer, very few non-spammer bots have actually been banned, because it was only a content update.
Vanu scum have reached a new form of low.
Oh what a relief.
What would you say to someone intent on being both a scientist and a science popularizer? Frankly, people tend not to appreciate the immense benefits science has and will allow us to gain, and I want to change that. 
hmmm, I see. Thanks for the explanation and you are probably right. People are looking for that stuff and some reason people will make anything and someone out there will want it. 
If you ask the drivers/managers at a store where you'd like to work, they can give you an idea of how common incidents are at that store, if anything has happened recently, if they have any no-go zones where they don't deliver for safety reasons, etc.
Well I'd love for them to be there;)
I hear ya hoss.
[Summary of the Saint's season in animated gif form.](http://i.minus.com/ibgKFwtlSKgsK9.gif)
Where is their light beer and gold chain?
Right now, Starlight inks are selling on my auction house for 330 gold each.  I just sold 3 that I put up there, so you can make quite a bit of gold atm with a pretty basic effort and access to a lot of cheap herbs. 
When I was 12, my friend and I gathered up the normal supplies to build a ramp to jump bikes off of. After about an hour of jumping off this 1 foot tall ramp, he gets bored and decides to make it 4 feet. I should mention that this ramp was sitting mid-way down this huge hill, first half to gain speed, second half to slow down after the jump. This kid was 2 years older than me and told me that if I jumped it, him and his other 14 year old friends would treat me as though I was the same age. So I go at this ramp full speed thinking I need to hit it as fast as possible to make it. Big, big mistake, I hit the ramp so hard I jumped the entire 2nd half of the ramp, and land on flat dirt. Anyone that has jumped a bike off of a ramp knows this is the second worst possibility, the first is landing front wheel first. So I land, destroy my sack, fall off the side of the bike, and eat dirt. Broke my thumb. Minor injury, but so damn painful. You move your thumbs A LOT more than you think you do. 
I would like to return as well (I was born in the US and have never been there).
/r/hitlerinsocks Was everything i expected, that shit was crazy.
Dude not a question but I'm 14 and you're kick ass man. Praise Adam savage 
Is she hot at the very least?
It could be Sean Payton calling plays and it wouldn't matter. Not with this defense. 
Most Latino girls around my area will have there panties around there ankles if a white boy starting hitting on them in fluent Spanish.
I don't understand why they're assuming it's racism. It could be personal, or it could have been random. We really don't know much of anything at this point. 
Actually I missed the style of Conjure Image jungling before the non-channeling soul steal buff. Might sound boring, but it had a degree of finesse that I liked about it.
He's like his old form, but now with Reflection instead. I'm just slightly confused about how to level him.
Maybe 1 lvl Conjure, 1 lvl Reflection, and then max Meta.
Okay, so I'm currently reading ASOS and I've never seen the show and I'm a little weirded out that there's some gay sex going on in these pictures.
Did I miss something in the books? I don't remember Renly and Loras giving it to each other...
Yuhuh. Just remember to salute on your way back to the barracks.
Why don't we just not vote at all for this guy? This denies him the goal of negative votes and positivity of upvotes.
I was on heavy meds. Strong enough that I saw rock-hard visions at times. It was the only thing to read. I was losing my vision because I was going into a Hyperbaric chamber and the extra oxygen was blinding me. Trippy period. Amazed that I probably actually own the book. I have over 2000 books and I can't read a single one of them.
Thats what I was telling the guy, everyone just started laughing.
The thing is, Rain already beat Taeja 2-0 in the round of 16. 
Wait he says he's 16? Is this some sort of reverse-Progeria?
They are all near Green-ish color...Kinda like my team in Soul Silver around the Kanto part, whom everyone was near blue-ish. By the way...Where did you find the Shiny Exeggutor?
What about his Spidey undies?
Something Creative 
[shameless plug](http://youtube.com/somethingcreativesa)
Thank you!  Wish I could upvote you more than once.  There is a song playing in the first scene in which Jeff Daniels appears.  It is a "classical" sounding song that if I remember correctly was sort of Asian influenced in its posture.  Do you know what song this is and if that is on the OST or not?
Thanks again!
I would assume that's a big part of it.  That or just allowing the whole lift to be completed more quickly.
Just trying it out
Had the same thought...makes his malice weird on a whole different level
Yeah, if you want examples of how Christian anarchists *have* organized themselves, I'd take a look as well at groups like the Diggers, and the various expressions of monastic and quasi-monastic communal experimentation.
Probably stuff like this... 
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/09/27/patrick-mcmahon-organ-donor-network-harvested-live-patients_n_1919079.html
You hear horror stories. I am an organ donor, but actually worry what will happen to my body or organs when i die. I dont want it disrespected by callous medical students/staff. Not knowing EXACTLY what you are signing up for is a big worry. 
Example: at teaching hopsitals... it is not too unusual for unconscious patients to be used as practice for students who perform exams on them without their permission/knowledge.  http://abcnews.go.com/GMA/story?id=125094&page=1
Its callous shit like THAT that scares people away.
Lol funny you post that. Someone else sent me that link the other day. That thing is pretty sweet. That'll scare the crap out of the kids
Living the good life.
I refuse to trust someone named Dr. Dynamite. That just sounds too risky.
Better there than on the highway when you stand up on the pegs for a bit of a stretch. 
Now he's living Life as Told by Ginger. 
The thing I don't like about most of those theories is that there's no evidence to support it.  It seems like many of them were made up to be spooky or something.
Im not going to disagree with you because of that NFC Championship. Let just say that the Bears AND Falcons worked together to cause the Holocaust.
now, was that so hard?
No sir you can't. You can only install iOS 6 now.
If they later mention confusion over all the dead hummingbirds post an update. 
It's not likely though as hummingbirds know what they should drink and what they shouldn't, which I guess makes them smarter than her and her mom on some level. 
Now you can two upvotes
This is why I firmly believe friendly fire should not exist in halo.
In 2nd grade, I tried to do a backflip.
I can't do a backflip.
"Creative Director" @ 20/hr?
I should mention this above, but I'm still looking into these particular dyes, supposedly they don't cause this and can be left in your system for much longer than normal dyes, so far what have found is that it seems legit, but I do have colored tubes sitting in my excel document that I have this all in. Though thanks for the tip about EK. =]
I thought I would buy a matte black helmet too before taking the course. I had it in my cart and almost bought it. However, I hesitated and I'm glad I did; my bike ended up being (mostly) glossy black, and a glossy black helmet compliments it much better than the matte finish would have. Sure, any black is pretty universal, but I guess I'm a perfectionist at the end of the day.
What do you expect it *is* sareon.
I'm still waiting for her to miraculously come back in a future expansion and we can be BFFs!
Wolves don't pretend to their mirrors, that they are opposed by sheep.
If you see democrats as white and fluffy flocks?
- you must explain why you keep posting chicken-hawk draft-dodging rich-boy fools to represent you.
And why do they look so bad, even when they win?
*Bahhhhhh.*
I don't agree here, A male Betta would be annoyed by the fast moving neons and could attack them, and vice versa. 
The fins of a betta could be tempting to nip.. I know some have had success mixing the two, but you have to be prepared to separate right away if there are any problems. 
a guy I go to uni with's nickname is Condom. 
a guy who graduated recently was called Creature. 
but my personal favourite is my own: Rapey. 
Ladies and Gentlemen, my friends. 
Ah, I relent. You're totally right. Never saw the Buds with the red tab. Fooled me. Think I'll go have one right now.
http://www.reddit.com/r/truetf2/comments/ub67g/tf2_configscript_generator/
just use this. or take from it what you want
I have to agree with potatogun. Unless you get very lucky, this approach isn't a very safe bet for an answer. Most interviewers are interested in your ability to be humble and realistic, and aren't judging you nearly as much as you think about what your weakness really is. 
Pick something that does tend to play a role in your personality or habits that might show through in your work. They don't want you to be perfect. They just want to hear what you have identified as your weakness and how you are working to build yourself into a better person because of it.
I will help you with an example. The weakness I most commonly used is that I'm very dependent on feeling good about what I'm doing for my health. I would mention that when I was young I suffered from body image disorders, and remnants of that have stayed with my personality. If I was far too busy for a period of time and stopped going to the gym or eating well, it would start to depress me, and that would show in my work after a while. Then the positive spin: to help ensure that I'm happy with what I'm eating, I am now starting to cook meals for the week ahead of time and shop for goods at Trader Joes. Also, if I find that I am too busy to work out, I will go on a 20 minute jog before bed to relax myself. 
Don't be afraid to talk a little about yourself and admit that there are certain personality traits that you would like to possess more.
I go there to laugh at humanity's stupidity.
>I hope you don't think of me every time we lose and post a pic of our opponents celebrating
I hope he does.
The irony lies in the fact I have nothing to complain about, but i am, which is the entire point of this meme. I am not bragging, it is a simple joke. Do you downvote every first world problems memes because it "has nothing to do with the first world or the the third world"? 
P.S. Seeing as this is slowly becoming petty; nice spelling of douchebaggery 
She was unable to counter your argument and quickly retreated from the fight. This is a perfect example of how shaming a bigot is to be done. You have my respect, Good sir. FidelBogen would be proud.
gave me some motivation. thank you.
cant add due to privated
I wanna see a shootout. 49-45.
I picked up and slightly modified a Brewer's Best Kit for my pumpkin beer this year. I decided that my pumpkin spice porter would include real pumpkin for fermentable sugars. (pumpkin is fruit, fruit has glucose, glucose is sugar, yeast like that.) I sliced a pumpkin in half and baked it, flat sides down on a cookie sheet at 350F for 90 minutes until darkened. Cleaned the seeds and mixed with olive oil, sea salt, and garlic powder to bake for 40 mins in the same oven to make the best pumpkin seeds I've ever had. 
So yeah, the major difference was that the recipe didn't call for any pumpkin (Pumpkin **Spice** Porter) besides that, I followed the [kit's directions](http://www.brewersbestkits.com/pdf/New%20BB%20Recipes/1062%20Pumpkin%20Spice%20Recipe.pdf). After they were done in the oven, I peeled the pumpkin halves of their skin, the fruit had become very soft and broke apart easily, probably should have put it in the oven for 45-60 mins instead. I added the pumpkin pieces at the same stage where I added the bittering hops (1 oz of US Golding) at the very beginning of the hop addition phase of the brew day schedule. After 40 mins I added 1 oz of Willamette aroma hops and after another 10 mins I added the whole packet of pumpkin spice (I have read that many people believe the provided packet of spice is overpowering at first but I also read that this subsides with time, so I simply planned on leaving this in the primary fermenting bucket for 2 weeks, secondary glass carboy for 8 weeks, bottle conditioning for 2-3 weeks+ or kegging it if it tastes good by then.) So basically I won't know for sure how this came out until mid to late November or so. 
My trouble began when I realized I was out of ice, I don't have a wort chiller/thermonator/etc. so I rely on an ice bath to terminate my boil. Without ice, I was stuck using cold water. Well, I had forgotten that I needed to pick my girlfriend up so I just left the brew pot in a sink full of cold water with the lid on (to prevent bacteria from entering) for about 40 mins. When I got back, the temp was down from 214F (boiling temp here) but was still up at about 138F. Although it smelled incredible, the extra time in hot wort turned my pumpkin pieces into stringy pumpkin guts and had completely saturated my beer. I figured I would just spoon out what little I could and just strain out the rest, how naive of me.. 
Basically between a food grade strainer and a filter screened funnel, the pumpkin hairs clogged up the works. I had to abandon the funnel because the screen was simply too fine. The strainer took work and the process moved at a snail's pace, I think it took about an hour to strain the mushy pumpkin guts out of the 2.5 gallon wort. (note: I use the word "guts" but I had removed the actual guts and seeds before baking the pumpkin, the heat from the baking process and subsequent boil had basically turned a firm pumpkin into "guts".) 
After I strained out what I could of the pumpkin guts and hop pellet refuse, I was left with what looked to be somewhere between 2 and 2.25 gallons of wort, down from about 2.5 gallons with the guts and stuff. I slowly added fresh, cool, well water while intermittently checking the OG to try to get into the specified range (1.057-1.061) I had gotten it to about 1.064 when I decided to add about 3 or 4 more cups of water (I wasn't being precise, basically just eyeballing it from the tap) when I went to check the OG again, it had fallen to about 1.048. 
Annoyed with myself, I went to grab my yeast starter (oh yeah, I had made a starter with the kit's provided dry yeast packet about 6 hours earlier and it wasn't really doing anything, unlike other starters I have made) So, being further annoyed, I pitched the lazy starter and aerated the batch. I happened to have an extra packet of Red Star Pasteur Champagne yeast so I sprinkled that on top just to be safe. After sealing the lid, I added vodka to the airlock, took a swig for myself and went to bed.
I brewed this kit September 15th, I'm going to be taking a gravity reading/racking to a secondary fermenter sometime this week. Based on other forums I've read with overlapping membership into this one, there seem to be a few people interested in this kit, and some of those seem to be interested in using real pumpkin as well, just thought I'd share my experience to help with their decision. I'll keep you guys posted on the progress of this batch in the coming weeks..
**TL;DL** I made the Brewers Best Spiced Pumpkin Porter Kit and added some real Pumpkin for fermentable sugars. Ran into trouble with straining the pumpkin out before racking to the primary fermenter, ran into trouble with some lazy yeast, added a second strain of (champagne) yeast for insurance and not sure how it'll come out.. OG came out a little low but I'm looking forward to trying it out. 
**Also**, a lot of people who make beer with pumpkin spice (pumpkin pie spice) claim that you need a couple months for the spice to mellow out, this might explain any "not so great" taste you get early on.
Right now I can only think about which team and how bad do they want Matt Barkley? Really hope we could get a deal similar to what the Rams got from the Redskins.
After staring at it for a good minute I can finally see it.
That mission is a Dadric quest you have to be at least level 15 to finish the quest. 
Crap, thought I was the only one.
Killer punt at the end of the game. Great job by you and the guys today!
sounds like bs to me. an excuse to not put more chips in the damn bag!
The sites were shut down not because they were scamming players, but because they were forced to "illegally" process withdrawn funds to get them to the players.  It was only found out after they were taken down that FTP hadn't properly segregated player funds from company earnings, as PokerStars had done, which made it impossible for them to properly pay their player base back the money they deserved.
Pokerstars on the other hand was shut down for the same reason, yet they had properly segregated the funds, and were able to pay back all US players the complete sum of their account within a few months.  And Pokerstars continues to operate outside of the US currently, and is still considered the best site.
Pokerstars has since bought FTP, will be paying back the players sometime this year I believe, and then will be able to enter the US market whenever regulation is passed that allows online sites to legally operate within the US.
Fwiw, online poker isn't illegal.  At least the act of playing isn't.  What was illegal was the way in which the sites had to process the funds so that banks would accept the funds without knowing it came from the poker site (since UIGEA made it illegal for banks to accept funds from online gambling sites).
See what happens when you marry a liberal??? Your morals go right out the fucking window. 
This video was basically Ne-Yo telling us what he looks good in. Dolce, Gucci, personal tailors. I mean it's not like it's his fault for being successful and I guess that's what happens when you have the money. 
Otherwise i'm not understanding what the fashion secrets are here.
Why is henry already out of the hospital?
Yes, yes we get used to it. You'll get used to anything, especially something that happens every month. And by the way, not *all* women suffer from "pain and emotional turbulence". I'd say that 90% of my periods have been relatively painless and involved no serious emotional changes. 
That's pretty much me. I submit because I want and need to. Not because she's forcing me to. Besides it's much easier to just say good boy every now and then versus constantly berating them :P
Well, it came down to the second-last pair, with Kymer beating Stricker on the 18^th and Molinari halving with Woods. It was a brilliant end and an amazing comeback, of course!  
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/golf/rydercup/9578074/Ryder-Cup-2012-Europe-pull-of-greatest-comeback-in-history-to-beat-USA-in-Chicago.html
If anyone has any questions relating to the process, I can explain :)
And its really not like HMO execs care either way...
Exactly why I ranted on Joe Philbin. What a moronic call to kneel and not going for it with :22 left and 1 timeout left.
Good lord, that looks fantastic.
Mine's currently sitting in a Punnet case until I figure out in what direction i want to go... Lego, premade, something else? I get all these great ideas, but I still don't really know what to do.
Way too hipster for me.  I agree.  Then again, this is MFA.  Hipsters reign supreme here.  If that's your look - then you look great.
Love that you're reaching out to the reddit writing community like this.  I've sent one of my stories, and if you like it, there'll be more coming.
So cute!  I love that you can take his shell off. :) Nice work!
You can play 1$ or less games ya know, tis what I did before America fucked online players over.
If you're in america I'd have to recommend going on amazon.
Aluminum is cheapest, but stainless is best for longevity. It's much easier to weld onto stainless. It also dents less easily. Stainless retains heat better than Aluminum so hot spots tend to be less of an issue. 
I bought this one: [20qt Stainless](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0017WPY1A/ref=oh_details_o05_s00_i00) and I wish I had gone bigger. I'm doing 5 gallon batches and I wish I had gotten a 24qt (6gal) pot so that I could have gotten closer to 5 gallons after boiling. 
[This one is 24 qt's and looks identical to mine except bigger](http://www.amazon.com/Alpha-Heavy-Stainless-Steel-Savezoneusa/dp/B002GE5GYI/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1349049585&sr=8-3)
I'm actually considering getting one of these as well.  On my 20qt stock pot I have a coupling welded to the bottom with a valve on it. Makes moving liquids so much easier. 
>Also, is there any real problem with using an electric stovetop or is it simply slower and less convenient? I'll only be boiling 2.5 gallons in my next partial grain batch.
Pretty much just speed. I did my first 2 batches on the stove and the 3rd on a burner. Burner just heats it faster even at a low propane flow. 
It's a movie, called Spirited Away. I've not shown it to anyone that hasn't loved it. My dad, born in 1939 to my youngest (pictured), all thoroughly enjoyed it. Do yourself a favor and find it to watch.
http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0245429/
Somewhat related: I've installed tr_walkway and I keep getting these red X's all over the place, making the map unplayable.
The first question I would be asking is: If their brains are just as complex as ours, are they just as conscious as well? Are they aware of their existence, and begin to question it? ***Perhaps we are gods***
What--WHAT DID YOU LEARN?
Ok I won't be that guy :)
oh no now he's gonna sue you for posting this! 
side note: i think dylan might be his imaginary friend
Nazi cock tattoo. 3 words so far..
Weird. Mine told me to exterminate the Jews two weeks ago. 
this is a wiz song. i also dont get this post. 
Good luck, brave soul.
Thank you for your responses, it's always great to hear things from an "insider". What do you like the most about the U.S., and the least? What about Iran?
where have you been LazerBearz?
repeat of my comment above "my first wife was a swimmer when we met and only shaved for meets - after a few days it was fine - I found it sexy,besides she mostly wore jeans so none knew" 
Yup, same thing happened to me. It's really dumb. Not to mention your pro team will just end up being a bunch of grinders as well. Put all that effort into CHL and it just gets wiped out...
1200 Eredium would yield 84 bank spots.  Next upgrade would cost 100, so nothing doing there.
Any big soccer country... Because I'm lonely as a soccer fan in the states :/
I'm sure you're not the only one. Shut up.
Very good point. I think she knows that it is a small issue with me, so we generally don't bring it up, but I should find out *why* she doesn't like it.
ahh the never ending debate on whether being a furry is bestiality or not, I would have to say borderline.
I searched up games, and read a detailed article on sex games one can play to spice up a relationship.  
Haha this is the best idea ever. Your friend must be the sexiest person alive. He must be the God of everything awesome.
Awkwardly take a stand. And no eye contact.
My doctor had mentioned that you could get "morning sickness" when you first start. Maybe talk to your doctor about getting one that is not as strong? Feel better soon.
I cannot understand your question, I think you messed up one of the words.
I'm 23. I'd say 19-26
Yeah...scoring is a little inflated in my league so it's not quite is impossible as it sounds, but it's still probably not going to happen. It doesn't help when my opponent gets 50 points from Peyton Manning and 40 points from Matt Ryan.
Not a Boss Metal Zone.
There is medication for OCD that would make you feel a lot better. Maybe talk to your doctor about how you're feeling?
I much prefer 1984. I wonder if the book just doesn't translate. I got a copy in Russian while in Moscow this summer, so I'll see if I can get through it. 
If you really took Reddit seriously, you'd use proper grammar. 
Edit: Not really though, I just feel like being a snarky asshole.
To be fair, that didn't bother me, I was more irked by conceding two soft goals for the 3000th game in succession.
Excited about Rooney + van Persie partnership though...
Honestly, I might go because of the awesome werewolf chalking alone :)
I'm going to buy all the cheap liquors no one wants and mix them into drinks of different qualities that can be sold at various price points.
Market's open on AAA Trashcan Punch, folks!
(Also I am going to sell overpriced drinks to drunk people who can't afford them.)
Thank you for letting me know. The error is because I don't have a room after that, yet. I'll work on it more tomorrow. 
Well, that's a good sign that you like the first two games I've posted here. I think I'll like it here. :)
i hope you go deaf soon. im sick of hearing your shit music blasting on the bus everyday.
you sir truly are a god amongst mere men
wow i got caught in my own stereotype. when i talk to a reproductive rights activist i guess i expected them to be a bit more left-wing and not buy into the warmongering.
as in, not thinking that the strategy of bombing countries we're not technically at war with is a good idea. places like yemen, pakistan, libya, and fomenting war in syria, iran, and the bolivarian states of s. america while violently suppressing similar democratic uprisings in bahrain and egypt.
tell me in your own words why people in the middle east hate the US gov, and how killing numerous civilians with indiscriminate drone strikes is a good idea in that context.
when you understand why they hate us you'll know why leaving would solve the problem (hint: that's why they hate us).
i never bought the obama hype, and i'm glad that you've noticed that we need to be our own saviors. so since you are your own savior now, don't hand control over to the demopublican party. go to your local OWS and work toward REAL change. make a tahrir square in your hometown. i promise if you do that, republicans won't be able to kill you AND middle easterners won't want to kill us anymore. obama won't solve either of those problems.
Sorry, no referral links.
Hrm... well, I'll keep my mind open. Still not really interested but I'll reserve judgement for now.
Showtime, huh? Me too.
that might be it ive been ginding out tier 4-6 (m3 lee ugh)
I've seen 12 doctors. I've lost hope. 
I haven't looked into Krewella, I had thought it was one girl because I've only seen a couple of music videos and heard some songs. I have enjoyed Krewella's music ever since I discovered them through /r/brostep. I had assumed it was one person.
Also, many people mod quite a few medium/large subreddits. All of mine are small.
I like it a lot.
Well the worst thing about Iceland is the fucking winds. On a regular basis it's stormy here. Everytime I hear about some tropical storm happening somewhere near the US and stuff I can only think "yeah and? we had that like last week, and next week there'll prolly be another one"
I still live at home, so is still banned. They say the name of the Pokemon like they're summoning demon and they have "magic" powers. It's simply witchcraft so says Mom
"You punched me because I'm gay?!"
If I ever become ultra rich and there's a hot chick in line behind me while I'm at the ATM, I'm going to leave my receipt for her to see my balance.
Where did you pick that up?  Sounds awesome
sunday after next, bye week coming up.
Detroit is a good team that got overhyped during the offseason.
It is not false assumptions, it is unproven assumptions.
French so I can get 100s on all my french tests and exams
Do you know of another society so apt to litigate everything?
They're planning on losing the last 2
Is she like a 10/10 where he is a 2/10? thats the only way I could understand this.
Thank you!  So much.  You don't know how much this helps me.
A bar like this also exists in Austin.
Kind of reminds me of Dark souls: the catacombs, the great hollow, Quelaag. Maybe? Anyone? No?
A 400W-600W PSU from Corsair, Seasonic, Antec, or PC Power & Cooling will suit your needs just fine.
it was just so different and original is what made it so fun to me! i may unplug the ps3 and plug in the trusty ps2 to just play this game :)
He's always a starter for me. What made you bench him this week?
Here's a tip to ALL phone users when not in a 3G area or a area with spotty 3G just disable it otherwise your phone will keep trying to find it draining battery very quick.
Noob here, doesn't taking ssri's for a really long time affect sex drive? 
interesting! they're pretty similar!
It reminds me a lot of [this site](http://www.scp-wiki.net/main) actually.
Some weird ass stories.
It also makes for more entertaining taunts when it works out.
Re-post, but I don't even care that much.
It's freshly squeezed out of the container.
skinny gap selvedge jeans from last season. theyre dark indigo actually although my pic may make it seem like its black.
also if joe cole leaves and carra retires, we will have the budget to give him the wages he wishes.
Radio station DJ; with the occasional phone in.  Get her to run some practice playlists for -say- a 1hr program and pitch it to your local station for (initially) a late night slot.
Without reading it, I'm going to guess that this somehow revolves around the fact that said high school christian doesn't understand that the 2nd law of thermodynamics only applies to closed systems.
Somebody let me know if I guessed correctly.
How much money is too much money?  Where do you, personally, draw the line?
Not sure if... Or just... (talking about you, not him)
Play britannia, build head hurlers. They're kind of OP. They basically make grenades from the severed heads of their fallen enemies and throw them for massive damage.
Seriously, those heads slaughter whatever they hit, and the enemy freaks the fuck out and runs away.
At first glance I though the captain said the "past and furious" haha
Tried that, I just get the same message.
edit: It's starting to download! looks like it'll take a while though, I have terrible wifi.
edit 2: got the update! Officially team jelly bean!
I say the same thing to every person who brings up the population question: don't stress out about it.
Whether you're on Brandywine or Nimrodel, population means little else except if you're looking for PUG end-game raiding. Even then the more low-pop servers usually have raiding alliances where they coordinate nights to ensure that there's always enough people at raids.
Join a server according to your preferences of play style (which means finding a kin that works with your hours and mindset). Such a kin could practically be on any server. Just because you join a high-pop server doesn't mean the likelihood of that happening will go up.
There are two volumes of stories about Oz which implies that they aren't. Dorothy even brings her aunt and uncle to Oz to live eventually.
Play poke support and a carry with an escape.
Careful then, I'll virtually bitch slap you if you spoil anything!
/kidding
//but really, shh
> "Karalyn Johnson was off tonight, fortunately no-one was hurt"
What did she do? 
Look, guys, if we keep wasting money on weaboo we'll be bankrupt by the end of the month.
"Randy, turn the fuckin' thing off. You're embarrassing yourself, boy."
America's Team, root for it.
Butthurt redditors piss me off.
see what im talking about ?!?!?!?!?! you must be super drunk or something cause i jsut dont get it
First came across this concept, in Berlin, at a bar called Berliner Republik. Have been trying to bring a similar system over to Scotland for about 6 months and the legislation over here makes it fucking impossible. 
It's too broad of an argument made by the writer. Covers too many incidents, blanketing the episodes. So yes, I can agree with you.
By thw way, you don't upvote yourself? 0/0 in a few comments. Strange.
[Here's a link to the Chill Playlist](http://open.spotify.com/user/1227410448/playlist/10ihQYdASLRHi9z3RDWYKS)
:( I was rooting for you guys. We'd been partners in mediocrity and then magically success for the whole existence of my team.
Coffee is a vice?
Caffeine maybe.
Gareth Emery is at the warfield on the 13 and tiesto is at SJ state (got cancelled) 
In every case, you have not.  There's no such thing as "the friendzone".  There's just women who aren't interested in dating you, but don't think that means you have to cut off all contact. 
I think you're making a mistake. Sorry, I should have been more clear, I AM one of them. 
You can still feel warm and fuzzy without believing in God, if that is where you were going. It takes a different approach and source of heat :)
I've only seen that picture used 3 or 4 times, and I already think it's dumb as hell. 
could also use it on tank-co / split push shaco
Well bro that's hilarious. I got mine for $600 and it was from my friends dad who lied about who worked on it. It was a damn truck mechanic who put the intake and outtake cams on backwards..bending half the vavles..luckily if he didn't...I wouldn't own it and my friend would. I would have been a sad panda with one 3000.
Logic? O's have winning mojo. You cant explain that.
Also, Eternal Battlegrounds is pointless to fight at when they have all three orbs. The first priority should be acquiring those orbs.
this is uncorrect how can it be nitrogen if the chip bags dont float in the air nitrogen is lighter than oxygen- Ken M
[](/rarityyell "So close!") The closest I've gotten is seeing some girl walking down the sidewalk with a grey "Brony" t-shirt, but I couldn't do much about it since I was stopped at a traffic light.
Ultimately it's your call. I have a 16 month old and we split when she was 10 months.  We decided to live together till she was about one but I personally couldn't put up with all the little things even if we didn't physically argue all the time.
Life's too short to suck it up if you know something is better out there. Happiness is literally around the corner if you dare to look.
Well it's not a very good guide if they got caught.
No. If you are really being considered for enrollment into a school, they will take the 5 minutes to look you up and surf through your pictures for anything inappropriate. My good friend was almost suspended from his high school because they found a picture of him drinking from a vodka bottle and the college he was applying to reported him to his high school. Be careful!
*raises hand* me :) 
But look at josiahw's flair. He doesn't care
I'd have to go with option one. I want to know the true future of the universe.
Are you kidding me? That was the entire point of the joke you stupid cunt.
Food for thought: Specialized Stumpjumper. 
So a farmer can't own his crops without force? Maybe, but isn't the force that the farmer must extend to keep others from taking his crops a different kind of force than that which he would need to extend to produce the crop? 
The labor point was more a manner of speech. My point is that you are implying that one cannot bear ownership to the fruits of one's own labor. When we are taxed, we're giving up our right to decide how a pretty substantial part of our income is spent. Even if we deem the taxation to be justifiable, that's no small thing and has to be considered. That's why it's actually relevant whether we say 'taxing less' or 'giving tax cuts.' We have to remember that taxation is an active process; in either case the rights of people to their own property is still being limited.
We also have Cleric scientists and a observatory in the Vatican.
ah barter books! a FINE book shop AND has little model trains running around the huge place
[](/cheerlikesit) This is my favorite thread ever...
What about WEED? It's illegal, so it must be bad.
We had gloves. Does that count?
well he's described a lot of things that didn't work for him so far, I'm just not sure what he's talking about right now
Unusual sharp dresser with orbiting hearts, because every merc's crazy for a sharply-dressed man.
If you're not sure if you're Amish, check for a beard. If you don't have one, you're either *English* or a woman.
To paraphrase from Scrubs, what about Heaven's milkshake pool on the lesbian cloud?
I'm not really arguing, but from our own FAQ:  
>Hosting:
While threads for advice on hosting providers are welcome, there are many pre-existing old threads discussing the topic. It may be beneficial to look through one of these searches and compile a list of suitable providers from multiple submissions. 
I had the exact same reaction as you. I have never seen that much blood so clearly displayed. I've seen some pretty bad gore, but I think I'm going to take a pass on that video. I feel really bad for any kid who had to see that.
I second that! I'd like to see it too!
I can speak from the position of being firmly over the other side of the fence here. When I ended my friendship with this girl, I came to feel exhilarated and free from all the confusing feelings, obligations and demands on my time and emotions. It became clear to me that I felt this way because that friendship was taking far more out of me than I was receiving.
Try and assess your relationship with this man on that basis, rather than what your feelings towards him are at present. You say you think your feelings are too strong to ignore - this is how I felt too. But my feelings were confused and did not reflect good sense because her emotional issues were dragging me down and made me feel unhappy more frequently than happy.
I met my former friend from the above story at a new years eve party year or so from the split. That encounter totally, absolutely convinced me that I had made the right choice in, essentially, dumping her.
Do the math on your friendship.
Your final paragraph indicates to me that there may be something worth salvaging. 
more of a mocha or vanilla frappachino color
> Spoiler, everyone you love dies.
FTFY
You didn't fix anything. Simply made another suggestion. Although, honestly, I rather see Olivia Wilde.
I agree with you with all points but one (or three, depending how you look at it):
* in all languages I know (like English "to be"), copula is a verb (however this is anecdotal and thus not saying much),
* です is generally agreed upon to be a verb, AFAIK, and
* there is disagreement on whether だ・です is a copula or not.
I might tentatively agree with you if you complained about だ, as it really has no verbal morphology. It acts as an assertion particle for nominal predicates, and has its own て-form. です, however, is (probably) a contraction from であります or でございます (I forget which), and conjugates as if it was a form of である, which itself is composed of the て-form of だ and an existence verb (and ある・ござる most assuredly is a verb, by any standard). And just as だ has the semantics of an assertion particle (and is thus seen as unseemly or too forceful  for women's usage), です can be seen as a politeness verb, or polite assertion verb, which is a bit difficult to grasp coming from European languages - "a verb with no action or state?!? huh?!?". (It can even stand alone, not coupling anything, meaning roughly "that's about it" or "well, that's what I think", can't teally translate it properly. It can even be tacked onto plain verbs when the speaker forgot to polite-ify them, although prescriptive grammars would most likely condemn the practice.) And given how neither is actually required in Japanese leads one to view the proposition that Japanese is a no-copula language like Russian as not entirely unreasonable.
(Edited for dumb mobile mistakes)
>I expect to be -30 in about 2 seconds. 
I wonder why you would? Oh, hang on...
>Fan base alienation, such as,"all ____ fans are thugs", is also subject to removal.
Right, because that's a rule, and your post started with "Packers have piss poor fans."
I was with this guy, we were on 24 hour sex marathon and I was lying on the bed while he was sitting on top of me because he was about to finish and as he did, he had sort of a spasm from the cumming and shook it and the whole 'stuff' ended up in my eye, we both started laughing histerically and I spend the rest of the afternoon with a red swollen eye. Pirate style.
Yep, that's what's supposed to make it funny. Thank you..?
The Pirates! They're coming!
hmm i shall wish i was more popular so i could have requests lol 
Essentially, take GTA and apply it to a middle school setting. Bullies instead of criminals, sling shots instead of guns, more minigames and a greater sense of diversity amongst gameplay. At the time it came out it seemed like a nice take on that type of game.
Depends on what obese means. By BMI, it's somewhat outdated (athletes would be obese and they're certainly not unhealthy). 
Behind sedentary and eating bad food will make one unhealthy, and, ceteris paribus, cause one to add body mass as fat. But lots of people that eat well and aren't sedentary will carry weight/fat because of their genetics. And there's nothing wrong with that. 
All of this is leaving aside that if someone wants to overindulge in food and not exercise, then they can. Because other people are autonomous beings that get to make their own choices. 
I want to be you when I grow up.
The first of many.  Cougar bombs are soon to be falling like the rain in Seattle. 
Any idea of the timing? There haven't been a lot of people on recently.
I see what you did there
lee is one of the most popular champs in the game  Riot will Not Reduce him anytime soon
But if they buy that 100th car it's supporting the economy. And I would rather businesses get money than government myself.
You don't have to shave your face tho.  Guys with beards are a lot more socially acceptable than women with hairy legs and arm pits.
Post this to funny instead. I died laughing
The most universally accepted permit is the Utah permit.  Still less than 90% acceptance.  Utah classes are available in many states.
not that much on topic but you know what gets rid of razor bumps almost totally?  Clearasil cream.  Wrecks underwear though.
would it kill you to smile?
It's possible, but they are considered the top two rated HDD manufacturers out there.
What are you going to do with all of those views, huh? You stockpiling them or something?
Look, you want to lay out what it is about Mormonism that you think makes sense, I'll be glad to listen.  I could be wrong about it being a load of hooey...but the whole Moroni-writing-the-one-true-religion-on-golden-plates-nobody-but-Joe-Smith-ever-got-to-see-because-they-disappeared-after-he-translated-them-into-pseudo-sixteenth-century-english-with-the-aid-of-some-magic-stones thing leaves me just a tetch suspicious.  Then there's the usual notions of an eternal soul facing judgment by un-evidenced gods, coupled with cosmological ideas that fly in the face of proven science, which leave me just shaking my head at their inanity.  Toss in the money-grubbing behavior of the church and the bigotry of its doctrines, thus disproving any divine influence whatsoever...
If you have any insight that somehow causes this morass to all make sense, by all means, please share it.
i only read about lightning on howstuffworks, so i have no clue, sorry. 
Hey, nice! Upvotes for the both of you.
Wow, didn't even know that! I guess I value it even more now.
EDIT: Not "I guess", but I actually value it more.
You knew what? Please don't tell me that this post is about a fucking alien character being named Notch. Seriously. We went with the Dolan meme spam and now fucking Notch? Fuck off until you find something actually clever to post. 
HEY GUIZE IVE BEEN PLAYING FOR 15 MINUTES LOOK AT THIS FUNNY THING. How about you shut up and just play fucking video games and stop flooding r/gaming with this sort of sub-par, unfunny, horseshit nonsense. 
I'm brown, and I can attest that it's true. 
Over clock /under volt. More processing power allows tasks to finish quicker and if your device can do the same at lower voltages you extend battery life. 
>I'm willing and I am sure he is too. Any tips on how to break the cycle?
When you two start arguing, both of you should follow these steps:
1. Stop talking immediately. Exit to other room/area. 
2. Take deep breaths. 
3. Get pen and paper, or go to your computer.
4. Write/type the shit you want to say to each other. Be as free with your words as you'd like. 
5. Read over what you wrote. Edit it for emotional manipulative points (take those out) and edit it for hurtful and insulting words that are not constructive (take those out). 
6. Once what you've written is merely left with points like, "I feel (insert feeling) because this (insert catalytic event which sparked the argument) happened. What do?" 
7. Get together. Show each other the points you're left with. 
8. Brainstorm as a couple as to how to properly meet these obstacles you've come up against. 
I suggested these steps because it seems like you two don't properly understand how to **remove your emotions from a "I say, you say" type of discussion.** These steps will **help both of you to be less emotional in these discussions**. 
Once the two of you are used to this type of routine, you won't have to follow the steps as closely. It honestly becomes easier and easier to keep your emotions about a topic aside while really listening to what your partner is saying. 
Good luck! 
Looks great to me. I'm running a much lower specced rig, and it runs most games easily. It looks like you could just about run anything, but if you are having trouble just tone down some graphics options to speed it up a bit. It should run pretty decent though.
He's going to be sad now.
Oh joyous day. Especially with curse of darkness. You lucky bastard.
You do realize that the burkas are about as common as the clothing the Amish wear right? I'm not saying that kind of cover-up ain't messed up, but you can't make it seem like all Islamic women are subjected to such radical clothing. 
I remember interviewing Pierre Sprey, the chief designer behind the A-10. Hell of an interesting dude!
Huxi er det bedste der nogensinde er sket for dansk TV. ...Ihvertfald hvis man er en pige imellem 18 og 25.
Why did Edna Krabappel say "when you do your homework, just kidding" instead of her characteristic "HA!"?  That delivery seemed unnecessarily deadened.
You don't have a clue what you're talking about, do you?
We're really going to beat the shit out of this dead horse eh? Alright I'll say it and take the downvotes. I like apple maps. They show me where I need to go and take me step by step. 
Apparently 12 minutes.  http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/10q0dd/game_thread_new_orleans_saints_03_vs_green_bay/c6fqnp9
He's allowed to tell OP to stop. And you're allowed to tell him to stop. And I'm allowed to tell you to stop.
No one's breaking any rules.
That just saved me from watching it, thank you!
Sorry I didn't think through this post, I just can;t seem to figure it out. No error messages besides warnings on the DNS saying that it cant start a domain that was deleted from the server(Not the AD domain). It was having trouble installing updates but that was resolved by manually installing those two updates. I am running Windows Server 2008 x64(going to bring it up to R2 soon)  and its on an IBM xserve 346, I don't think that should matter though.
I need Dez Bryant to get less than 8 points. I put up 122 this week. Winning average thru 3 weeks in 107. I'm 0-3 and this is by far my teams best week. scoring is way down in my league this week and I'm gonna be massively upset if i lose. Will cripple my season most likely.
Yup! :) and it should produce salt and water.
The fact anybody has faith in the Eagles right now against the Giants means the Giants still have something to prove. Going to be a terrific game.
Your high school teacher called you "big sexy"?
Sounds like a lawsuit waiting to happen
MOVE NOT BY MEANS OF THY TAIL !!
I feel the same way. RH is one of the best games of the decade. It's definitely the best RPG on the DS, hands down.
What is a Sukkah?
Tried that too. Sends me right back to the head of the road. For some reason, it will not accept the coordinates as absolute; it will translate it into an address, and point me there instead.
I mean, I can star my home in maps, and use my starred places for Navigation. But I really think Google should look at implementing some of these features, especially after the Apple Maps debacle. They're king of the hill right now, and sorting these quibbling issues out in emerging markets like India (where they've just enabled navigation) would cement their position.
Just for comparison, Nokia had these features at least three years ago, along with offline maps and navigation. Google can do that and so much more.
Are they not just Nikki Minaj fans
I do it ALL THE TIME.
Only recently did I learn that other people do it too.
It's a great way to build the soil for cheap.
AMA
O that is the truth for with quantity comes more [quality] people with even more beer to bring as well. Stay drunk my friend
Quality: Price ratio with everything I've ever bought from Topman has been total shit. The sweaters are better than the t shirts though in terms of quality, but nothing that topman sells is worth the ridiculous amount they charge for it. A place like J. Crew sells their stuff for a similar price with such better quality. However, I would recommend topman if the thing you want is fairly unique to topman (they do some pretty creative styling), if you absoultely need XXS sizing, or if their stuff is on sale (T shirts get down to $2-3, both of my topman sweaters cost me $8 each, same with the button downs I've purchased).
[That may not be a bad thing.](http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/commentators/johann-hari/the-dark-side-of-dubai-1664368.html) 
Problem is keeping the insulin cold. NovoRapid goes bad after 4 weeks of being unrefrigerated, so even assuming we find a stash to last us until 80, we're still slaves to the temperature. Once the fridges stop working, we'll have to find some other method of keeping it cool. The most obvious one would be to keep it in a ziplock bag under water, I suppose. Or perhaps frio packs that you've constantly got active. In addition, there's finding batteries to keep sugar monitors or pumps going, and since there's a finite supply of electricity, there's a good chance they'll be in very short supply. Sure, you could rig up a generator to charge rechargables, but how long will the batteries actually last? 
Basically, I think it's more likely to be a matter of when these fail, rather than if they fail. Maybe some zombies happen to stumble over your camp, and you have to fall back suddenly, and don't have time to grab the syringes out of the water, or maybe there's a sudden drought, etc, or the generators go out and you can't check your sugars.
The way I see it, the more undead heads I kerb stomp, the quicker society pulls its shit together, gets the power back up, and pharmacies start dispensing again. 
I'm sharing this because if the whole of r/diabetes adopts this plan, there's a very real chance that the whole apocalypse will be over within the week.
The zombie apocalypse - the diabetics will fucking SOLVE it.
take notes. THIS is the best vocalist in the world. period. 
you got it! :)
Look up fopen, fread, fgets, and the related functions.  They're pretty simple.
Don't worry, *it* will find *you*.
Well, it's effects are definitely subtle, but what I can tell you is that my previous year's math was the same level, but far more challenging(despite 11th grade math supposedly being much harder). The only thing I changed was starting a nootropic stack. I'm just assuming Piracetam is the component giving the most effect being as the Aniracetam doesn't last very long. Every day I take:
* Aniracetam 750mg
* Piracetam - 1g
* Choline Bitartrate - 2g
* B-100 Vitamin
* Vitamin D3 - 1600 IU
That aspect specifically doesn't have to part of it; I was just giving an example of possible scenario. It just might be nice if new content had more context than "We have a new version!"
Although, if it were… couldn't the seed be compared with the current state of the world, then generate new content in whichever empty/air blocks still remain?
A W is a W.
As opposed to us right wing types who just inherit our daddy's mining licences right? Oh and I hate having a drink with friends, I'd much rather spend a Saturday night plotting how to kill /r/australia subscriber's baby seals.
This times a million.  While you're at it start using wind or mobilicity.
Don't be a dick.  Nobody's arguing that.
Two words. "Hammer Pants."
some serious point-missing in this thread
I kinda hate this idea. Wouldn't it work better if Penny finally makes it as an actress instead of having Leonard move away from his job?
Hate is a strong word. I just strongly dislike this ending as being very unnerdy and cliche.
Any man who writes a book where two prepubescent boys fight to the death in the shower as their bodies are described in soapy detail, is gay.  I don't care what anyone adds to this argument, but after reading half the shit in Enders Game, I just had the instinctive reaction that I was reading the fantasies of a homosexual set in space.
edit: (to whoever downvoted my comment, just read this)
Even when he heard them come into the bathroom he paid no attention. He was letting the water pour over his head, over his body; the muffled sound of footsteps was hardly noticeable. Maybe lunch was over, he thought. He started to soap himself again. Maybe somebody finished practice late.
And maybe not. He turned around, There were seven of them, leaning back against the metal sinks or standing closer to the showers, watching him. Bonzo stood in front of them, Many were smiling, the condescending leer of the hunter for his cornered victim. Bonzo was not smiling, however.
"Ho," Ender said,
Nobody answered.
So Ender turned off the shower even though there was still soap on him, and reached for his towel. It wasn't there. One of the boys was holding it. It was Bernard. All it would take for the picture to be complete was for Stilson and Peter to be there, too. They needed Peter's smile; they needed Stilson's obvious stupidity.
Ender recognized the towel as their opening point. Nothing would make him look weaker than to chase naked after the towel. That was what they wanted, to humiliate him, to break him down. He wasn't going to play. He refused to feel weak because he was wet and cold and unclothed. He stood strongly, facing them, his arms at his sides. He fastened his gaze on Bnnzo.
"Your move," Ender said,
"This is no game," said Bernard. "We're tired of you, Ender. You graduate today. On ice."
Ender did not look at Bernard. It was Bonzo who hungered for his death, even though he was silent. The others were along for the ride, daring themselves to see how far they might go. Bonzo knew how far he would go.
"Bonzo," Ender said softly. "Your father would be proud of you."
Bonzo stifiened.
"He would love to see you now, come to fight a naked boy in a shower, smaller than you, and you brought six friends. He would say, Oh, what honor."
"Nobody came to fight you," said Bernard, "We just came to talk you into playing fair with the games. Maybe lose a couple now and then."
The others laughed, but Bonzo didn't laugh, and neither did Ender.
"Be proud, Bonito, pretty boy. You can go home and tell your father, Yes, I beat up Ender Wiggin, who was barely ten years old, and I was thirteen. And I had only six of my friends to help me, and somehow we managed to defeat him, even though he was naked and wet and alone -- Ender Wiggin is so dangerous and terrifying it was all we could do not to bring two hundred."
"Shut your mouth, Wiggin," said one of the boys.
"We didn't come to hear the little bastard talk," said another.
"You shut up," said Bonzo. "Shut up and stand out of the way." He began to take off his uniform. "Naked and wet and alone, Ender, so we're even. I can't help that I'm bigger than you. You're such a genius, you figure out how to handle me." He turned to the others. "Watch the door. Don't let anyone else in."
The bathroom wasn't large, and plumbing fixtures protruded everywhere, It had been launched in one piece, as a low-orbit satellite, packed full of the water reclamation equipment; it was designed to have no wasted space. It was obvious what their tactics would have to be. Throw the other boy against fixtures until one of them does enough damage that he stops.
When Ender saw Bonzo's stance, his heart sank. Bonzo had also taken classes. And probably more recently than Ender. His reach was better, he was stronger, and he was full of hate. He would not be gentle. He will go for my head, thonght Ender. He will try above all to damage my brain. And if this fight is long, he's bound to win. His strength can control me. If I'm to walk away from here, I have to win quckly, and permanently. He could feel agan he sickening way that Stilson's bones had given way. But this time it will be my body that breaks, unless I can break him first.
Trippy swirl LP for sure
Yeah, this is what I was going to say. There is no doubt that Rain is a beast, but we can't take the ro16 games as conclusive evidence that he is a favorite against Taeja.
Bradshaw. He's starting, and he's better. They will probably get a similar number of carries in the first half, and whoever does better will get used more in the fourth quarter.
The elder wants to talk to you because your mother said something to the elders and is unwilling or afraid to talk to you herself. I would avoid talking to the elder (how the hell is this his business?), but try to talk to your mother. If this is something that's bothering your mother that much, you should be free to have open dialog about it. You shouldn't have to speak through an elder who has no interest in anything other than trying to decide if he should disfellowship you.
Does anyone have a gif of Desean returning dodge's punt? Or at lease the end of it?
I'm happy you aren't buying it. You are correct, that is how capitalism works. However, the idea that EA is somehow acting inappropriately or  that its inappropriate for them to release a collection without DLC needs to go away. EA is acting I'm their best interests by releasing it the way they are, and you are acting in your's by not buying it. 
If you had said, "I don't think it is worth the price as-is, but with all the DLC it would be tempting", that would be responsible capitalism. However, this thread has more of a "OMG. No DLC!? Just like EA to rip us off.", which makes us all look like whining children. 
I'm adoptable.  Just throwing that out there.
I dropped some paper cups at work, they went everywhere. This little kid and his sister came up and help me pick them up. Really made my day.  
More reliable than the pill and also you never have to worry about skipping a dose by accident. Plus you can have one that's nonhormonal which is perfect for women who can't use estrogen etc. I'm 9 years in and it's the best bc decision I could have made.
Don't worry, good ole McCarthyism will bring it back soon enough.
With escape plan:
Buff demo until you cannot buff him any more. On granary, it should be until he reaches the roller doors of spawn, he should be at 260 when he does his first jump. 
Then you do your scouts, tap them once each for a 185 buff. Should be simple unless they're both clumped up. 
Then you do your roamer, your roamer should be caught up to you by now, you keep healing him until just before mid. For granary it should be just past the oil tank/shack thingy on yard. Then you switch to your pocket, he should be on crit heals and you get him to 300. 
Proper jumps for granary rollout for roamer:
2 jumps from spawn to resup cabinet, should land next to resup for 200 health.
Walk out to rollers and then keep walking to the tires.
1 jump from tires to the little fence or just beyond the fence to cross the first yard. 
1 left hand jump to land just on the point (if you do it right you can curve it around the point a bit, but not important).
Walk from left roller into second yard, 1 jump from right wall to choke. 
In all there are 3 notable jumps and you have your medic on you for 2  of those. 
As a medic, you would be healing no one but your roamer from the time you reach the rollers into second, as the demo should be far away now and so should your scouts and your pocket is escape planning. 
If no escape plan then you have to switch the heals between your soldiers and you should be aiming to get them both to mid at 250, with preference to your roamer because he'll be going away from you whilst you'll be on your pocket so he can get a little less of the heals on rollout. 
You need to have a look at some mid+ level rollouts to see if everyone is doing the right thing, a medic cannot be expected to give out proper buffs if everyone is not doing their thing. Check out fatmop or vanillatv or commft on youtube for high level games. 
sabres goalies are 100% correct, this is now a non-issue for me
And this is how assholes drink.
Seem my other post in this thread.  You can't bring back BF3 to what BF was all about in an environment that won't allow it.  
Have sex with it, as it was Zero Suit Samus in Brawl.
As a woman who refuses to fart in front of another human being, being able to fart in bed, loudly and with relish is something I really love.
Also playing whatever games I want, watching whatever movies/shows I want, and smoking a bowl whenever I want and not having to share.  
And having sex with whoever I want (assuming they also want to :P)
I thought we had moved beyond "taking pictures of screens" technology. 
Wow, I didn't know W.E.B Du Bois lived that long. 
I had a wife that used to do that to me. Had being the operative word. 
No but LeRoyyMcCoyy does
You think everyone has a masculine face...
I also would have accepted Dunx Aeterna. 
In my family, if someone forgets to say thank you where they really ought to have, it's normal for the person wanting to be thanked to imply as much, and for the non-thanker to reply 'toothkind'.
So are you looking for jazz with symphonic orchestrations? Or orchestral music with jazz elements? The former I can help you with.
[Nelson Riddle](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcZ1k4d02KA) did tonnes of work in the style I think you're asking about. He's one of the most influential jazz arrangers ever, so he's definitely worth checking out.
[Gil Evans](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFaK4q0pxcQ) is a bit less mainstream and a bit more awesome. His work with Miles was pretty ground breaking and still holds up today.
[The Birth of the Cool](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWK2pLW0Rdc) has no strings but is a great mix of jazz and orchestrated horns. 
There are plenty of jazz albums with orchestrated strings dotted around the place. Charlie Parker released [one](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tw0rVXblI6g). It's pretty good. Charlie Haden & Michael Brecker's [American Dreams](http://grooveshark.com/s/American+Dreams/3P8bS1?src=5) has moments of incredible beauty but I can only take so many ballads in a row.
And it's a bit harder to find, but the [soundtrack to Mickey One](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrRUg4pvQns) featuring Stan Getz is one of my favourites in the genre.
Whats wrong with you?
Whenever I buy a case, protection is the only thing on my mind.  I managed to get an otterbox defender series case for 24 bucks on amazon.  Love it!  http://www.amazon.com/Otterbox-Defender-Series-Holster-Samsung/dp/B006JO232E/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1349050021&sr=8-1&keywords=otterbox+galaxy+nexus
[Wait longer than two days next time](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/10m9n9/nazis_are_dicks/)
>ONE OF US ONE OF US ONE OF US
*Redditor for 9 months and 13 days*
Wat?
We won, so I hear. Therefore, is exciting.
Golf is a wanker sport IMHO. I quite like it on the wii though.
I totally agree... Heres the vid anyways since I made it! :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ED61FfGG3xs&feature=youtu.be
"My garbage disposal eats better than 98% of the world."
-[Overheard on Goldman-Sachs elevator](https://twitter.com/gselevator). 
Hahah I'm doing swell. =]
I know they didn't. I just thought it was funny. Lol! 
Obviously he signed up in the future.
Old news.  They voted on this more than a week ago.
WHAT'S SOMMA THEM OTHER BITS WE GOT? 
Sony actually suggests using a vacuum cleaner as using canned air will force the dust further inside the PS3.
Maybe not here, but it's not that incredible for a tall guy to do a planche anyway, just a lot tougher. 
You think you can't do it? Is that it? Trust me, you can. All it takes is looking at the FAQ in the sidebar. It's that simple. If you already did, just work your ass off and you'll make it.
I think this picture is so good it warrants an iPad purchase just so you can see it everyday in motion and beautiful colors on your wall.
"the cooler it is the faster it is" ...uhhhh
I've missed you and your flirting, too. ;)
WE GOT A BADASS HERE.
Yea but u look good in it
Mom, will you please stop posting my Bar Mitzvah pictures?
State Street Brats at the University of Wisconsin does this as well. Great way to get drunk.
Thanks! ordered that amazon book and looking through the pdf now :)
First of all, I'm very sorry for your loss. I feel your pain, Ive had personal experiences with house fires and know what are feeling. Now, what is your plan? Do you know how youre going to recover from this?
AND THERE ARE PEOPLE IN THE THREAD CLAIMING THAT CALLING OUT THAT STATEMENT IS SOMEHOW ANTI-BDSM OR SEX-NEGATIVE
 [](/furious)
###FUCK YOU YOU RAPEY ASSHOLES, YOU DON'T *WANT* IT TO BE CONSENSUAL, YOU DON'T *WANT* IT TO BE BDSM, STOP HIDING YOUR PREDATION BEHIND MY KINK
The security guard didn't even get to see it.
I think someone is a little angry.
I feel proud that the Saigon Jokers made it into the finals, since i'm half Vietnamese, but i'm afraid that they're going to get squashed by CLG.EU, Najin Sword and Dig. GG Saigon
Obama has out raised Romney.
http://www.opensecrets.org/pres12/
One of my favorite books. It is great to read it around other people just because it weirds them out. I remember asking a teacher if she had a mirror in her room so I could read some of the text, or asking my musical friend to translate the musical score. What a fantastic book.
Jason Hanson deserves it the most, but I'm biased. 
I normally do that as well but nothing beats watching it live 
Edit: to thepiratebay it is
Usually I don't click the TIL link cause I get all the info from the title, but I'm glad I did. Knowing where that money went brightened up my day a bit.
[I Have a Magnet Implant In My Finger](http://gizmodo.com/5895555/i-have-a-magnet-implant-in-my-finger)
My mesmer Uzumakí Naruto used to have that "shippuuden" look about him...
[Level 40](http://i.imgur.com/UN5WL.jpg)
But now he's getting closer to his "6th Hokage" look...
[Level 70](http://i.imgur.com/DZX4W.jpg)
You need to tap it to prevent gas expansion...or something.
Was genuine question. I actually was wanting RG3 at Indy.
This woman is beautiful. Just saw her in End of Watch; very good movie, btw.
You might consider registering the complaint anyway, then tell them you have no desire to do anything about it. That way, the authorities on the matter are aware of previous issues should someone else complain. Make sure they know it was the district manager's push and not the manager, if you choose to do so.
So, I cant buy it because I dont have ICS right now, but the update is due in two weeks :( Damn you you Google!
Acid Rain - Liquid Tension Experiment
oh shit, that's NOT GOOD!
If you people ruin Brian Dawkins' night, I will hate you even more. 
I'm gonna start doing this for my clients thanks for the idea 
You're welcome! I hope you guys have a blast.
I believe that would make OP a guy..
In the trailer it seems like the governor is creeping on Andrea so i get the feeling she is going to be the target of any sexual violence while michonne will remain pure badass for a while longer before revealing sexiness or madness
Cool i did too but mine came with 20 cards per pack all holo exodia
1) click link
2) Ctrl + F 'Savages'
3) Old Britannia remains ruler of the waves.
Mythbusters, General _________________________| Post
:---|:---
Working for Mythbusters | [By and large Mythbusters is a super fun show to do. It's work to be sure. Like anything you want to do well, you've got to bust your ass to get it right, and it's tiring. Most tv shows have a few months off per year, we shoot MB 45 weeks a year on average. Add to that that I've got 13 year old twin boys and the weeks fill up fast. The other thing that makes it fun is our crew. We've all been working together for the better part of a decade and it's like family. We've all seen each other at our best and worst. They get just as excited about the science, the methodologies and the outcomes as we do.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6fku1e)
Expected Mythbusters popularity? | [Not at all. Our fame and the show's popularity grew really gradually. Which is nice because it's heady stuff sometimes.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6flugd)
How long to film? | [We film an ep in about 9 days. The other team also takes just about that amount of time.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6fo7qp?context=3)
Keeping things from the show | [I've kept tons of stuff I made for the show. I get to make so many cool things. We just did one where I needed a water balloon but I needed it not to break when it got hit. So I sewed up a leather bag for it with a zipper. I used some kid leather that was Hermés orange and this thing is so gorgeous. The Hermés water balloon. That's the latest thing. I have a whole cabinet in my office at MB with my favorite stuff in it. I should do a tour of it for the show...](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6fkxst)
Fear for safety | [We've feared for our safety a lot. We are sensitive to when we start to feel spooked and seek to resolve the issue before it becomes an issue. I've been scared a bunch on the show. Underwater Car. Mythtanic. Hell, the first time we swam with sharks I thought I was going to have a heart attack.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6flstb)
Working with Jamie | [Jamie and I have disagreements all the time, but none that threatened the show. On the big things (integrity of our brand, what we should do, how to proceed, money) we've remained shockingly aligned. As long as those things are in synch, everything else is relatively minor. That being said we drive each other batty every day.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6fld73)
Working with the Tested guys | [Will and Norm at Tested are amazing. They're the best partners for a web presence we could hope for. I love sitting in my shop on Mondays doing our video pieces. Our interests overlap so much the Venn diagram is simply a circle. We have more plans for cool stuff over there, but we're taking it slowly, methodically.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6fl3x5)
Future plans with Tested | [We have a lot of plans for Tested. Keep an eye out (though our best stuff ends up here regularly. I'm always chuffed when it happens.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6flzdy)
Mythbuster Narrator | [His name is Rob Lee. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_additional_MythBusters_cast_members#Robert_Lee He's a Canadian living in Australia narrating an American tv show.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6fnigz?context=3)
Using the Metric System | [We try, we do both sometimes. But we're both fully inculcated with the english system, sad to say. That's how we think.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6flvak)
Who makes the signage? | [Eric Haven does the blueprint signage. He's one of our Associate Producers and an accomplished comic book artist. The main signage in the episodes is usually done by my cameraman Scott Sorensen or me.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6fldrs)
Wish you can make more shows! | [We make 23 some-odd per year, often 24. That's the most we can do and keep the quality (and our sanity). New ones start airing next week though!](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6fo1jw?context=3)
Next Mythbuster season? | [Starting next Sunday.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6fo3cn?context=3)
Episode in space? | [I would TOTALLY do an episode in space. I would LOVE to do that.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6fptwu?context=3)
Has any test been used in scientific studies? | [Yes indeed. Our episodes have been part of published papers about 6 times. The most recent one is the one in which we made a sewer and used a methane explosion to make manhole covers fly 150 feet into the air.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6fpwcg?context=3)
Mythbuster behind-the-scenes crew | [Jamie and I shoot with Camera, Sound, Second camera (for high speeds etc) and director. We're supported by 3 Associate producers (location booking, permits, expert finding, esoteric item ordering, signage and everything else). We have a production manager (of course) and her team. Runners, Production assistants. K, G &T also have the same. Entire San Francisco crew is about 25-26 people total for both teams. It's a terrific crew. Many have been with us for 6-7 years. Turnover is very low.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6frte9?context=3)
Do you have a group of people to consult? | [We consult with a ton of people. We have a bunch of regulars that we consult, but we also reach out as far as we need to.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6fvagt?context=3)
Any pressure to not air an episode because it might help criminals? Like the "Beating the Breathalyzer"? | [Nope, it's all there. We're not in the business of helping people commit crimes, we certainly obscure certain pieces of info sometimes. But the breathalyzer is all there.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6fvbi6?context=3)
Do you film the blueprint segment before, during, or after the experiment? | [Usually after.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/10psj3/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/c6fvbo9?context=3)
After a few attempts I finally got it but then I was getting absolutely terrible fps. Eventually once it stopped loading new chunks my fps improved.
I like the idea of a village reset, but I'd hate to see all our hard work go down the drain. The nether highway, my current project, has taken too much of my time already to be ambivalence with a reset.  Also, I still dont forgive you for scaring me that one time ;)
Something something *terk er jerbs* something something.
I don't think so. I think it was like TBS. We don't get showtime.
Someone would lie? ON THE INTERNETS?
Unfortunately, the differing theories in what constitutes valid property creates too much of a rift between social and propertarian anarchists, which makes it extraordinaly difficult to define what an actual voluntary contract is. 
Scanning over the site, I can only confirm that they don't contain any crustaceans, eggs, fish, peanuts, soybeans, milk, nuts, celery, mustard, sesame seeds, lupin, molluscs, or genetically modified ingredients. No mention of wheat or gluten
You know? I completely forgot about those.. Good point. They want money, what can I say? Other then "protest" and "boycott", there's not much else I can say.
It's definitely not your technique, so long as you aren't hitting yourself in the face with the bar. It's something with you personally - could be low BP or something else.
i can hear those kids now "daaaaaad its not cool for you to come with!!!!!"
Not really. It is a national cultural shift that is unstoppable and continues to progress. The vast majority of young people have no issue with homosexuals whatsoever. A majority of Americans favor same sex marriage being legalized. Personally speaking I don't know anybody my own age (mid 20's) who is against same sex marriage or gay people. I can imagine that being different perhaps in the Deep South, but the trend is irreversible. 
Your side has already lost. Bigotry, in the end, always dies out. 
Yea. Lolicon. But there is more than just loli. There are a few fuller figures. Thus, hentai is all i said.
the guy didn't mean to crash it with a pearl, when he threw it, it landed but then it rolled back and it all went down hill from there.. i know cause i was there and i heard his side of the story as well.
This is actually a good idea. I was having trouble getting animals to my base with wheat. Whenever I used my sword they would leave and wouldn't pay attention to wheat for like a minute
we like to see popular things fail, in any way.  he is popular, and he showed weakness.  that is your answer.
I hate you from that comment haha.  I have had multiple appliances, braces, and retainers and still don't have perfect teeth!!  :P
What joke? Your insecurities with your sexuality?
But you're fine with dick in your mouth.
Slavery has occurred since written history, and continues today.
This embargo has done virtually nothing positive for the Cuban people. The elites have everything while the citizenry have little to no choice in anything. Lift the embargo, it does not work.
What?! No Sovengarde either?!?!
Fox News. there's a difference.
"Target ejaculation—women: All over bull's eye"
Look out boys, we've got a squirter.
just too much of a vanilla/spiced rum taste. It was over powering and then with the strong proof it didnt help the two. It was over powering in taste.
why did he have to kiss their mothers? to see if the preference still held true when the women were 30 years older? 
Read it in 8th grade in ISS (in school suspension). So glad I gave that wedgie.
Came here wondering the same thing
And you can bet you will see a picture of it
I really wish I knew the genders for each of these quotes.
Giveaway is now closed! We will do the drawing as soon as we can. Good luck!
Can't stop looking at it. This is amazing. Did you do this?
Still an i7 is still a good processor, besides maybe OP wants to do some video editing as well
like the socks on those uniforms. Whoo.
I'm surprised that people still remember that... It was in November of 2011...
I look at it as when the 10th doctor and Rose went to the Parallel Earth, the one where Pete Tyler and Mickey Smith's grandmother were both still alive, the Doctor blew his own energy into a part of the TARDIS to jump-start it. He said something like, "I just shaved off ten years of my life."
Price is negotiable, you can start at what you want for it. Also, it depends on whether or not it comes with charger and that cable that can link two of them together. (sorry I forgot the name of it)
I worked at the bar at the student union at University of Wisconsin.  We had 24 beers on tap.  No hard liquor though.  And a huge open air patio on a lake.  It remains one of my favorite places in the world.
I have you tagged as "has a lovely penis", that must've been quite a comment.
But if you grow out your facial hair you're just a sexy rugged lumberjack beast man. If I grow it out god forbid someone catch me in the woods -- I'd be mistaken for Sasquatch. *sob*
Don't pay bills. What's the worst that could happen?
Brie. It's looks disgusting, but tastes delicious. 
Who's that Sexy Bandicoot? ;)
Their punter is a redditer... that gives them a pretty big edge.
That play honestly scared me.
and even they didnt taste that good. I was in it for the wine
We share the same fate
Phew, thank you! Disabling the Steam gubbins I do anyway or I'd never be able to to see the bottom right corner, good to hear the rest should be ok.
i cant imagine the book being made into a movie. and if it did, how would they be able to portray the founding of color? they couldn't see color, but they didnt know, yet we can see color. that's where im confused :S
Honestly, the only thing I've been really rooting for lately is for Brees to throw a touchdown pass. Pretty much just rooting for the record at this point. 
LaserMatch ammo see them all.
I haven't seen these movies (yet), eastwood was the bad? I always assumed he was the good....
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxVtLGJFaVk&feature=player_detailpage#t=141s
How disposable men are is really under reported 
If i really need to torrent something i just go starbucks at the mall and do it =)
I'm guilty of this... Change noted!
What units do you build?  I'd suggest building units that synergize well with others rather than spamming one unit. 
Example: Middle Ages.
Instead of building lots of Longbowmen, build Crossbowmen and Pikemen.  Fortify both in a city and your only weakness are siege units and gunpowder units later on.  Building a Barracks certainly wouldn't hurt either.
Also, if you manage to get a lot of Great Generals (not a hard thing to do), settle them.  I almost never create any Super-Units, because they're not as useful as 2 extra XP. Theocracy+Barracks+3 GGs=Three promotions.
It's more creepy. There's this feeling of vulnerability with the asleep pictures. Not only are these pictures against the subject's consent, the subject can't do anything about their picture being taken.
Do you have a link to the tickets? Awesome seats btw
When I was a kid I only got to do pedicures on adults with clear nail polish for this very reason. 
Yes there is nothing there.  Google should exclude empty pages.
I'm saying that they've already gotten the short end of the stick and are just as entitled as you to benefit from improvements.
Anyway, sorry to tell you but this isn't happening. Plus, a better idea would be a reinforcement of pedestrian-only streets like they already have in some cities. Cost effective, environmentally sound and accessible to everyone.
This is why you fail at relationships
I made them slightly askew, and instead of saying they were unleashed I said they were slightly askew
*All I said was my wife's alimony was good enough for SRS!*
  edit: play on Life of Brian reference. just in case.
I thought, and correct me if I am wrong, that he was immune to the flood because he was carrying a box of plasma grenades and some went off. Could be totally wrong though
I almost clicked that *almost*
Here's the thing, chubs looks more like honey boo boo than female Matt Leblanc 
Have a few if you don't mind.  Are you actually gelping the children?  Does the charter school take money away from the other public schools?  Why so much push back from unions and politicians if these schools improve the learning experience?
What they both said. Since all guys like different stuff, what matters most (to me) is the enthusiasm and confidence. Even if you don't know what you are doing, act like it and it will have me (and maybe most guys) drooling.
And often enough you have no idea who else you can buy from if you don't like this guy.
vegetarian here: it's all in the broth.
(inb4 ron white joke)
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: Seriously, this is getting old.
>Meme: Dead Horse
>* OBAMA IS THE GREATEST POLITICIAN TO EVER WALK THE EARTH
>* GIVE ME KARMA
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r5675.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/tf5k6)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||OBAMA+IS+THE+GREATEST+POLITICIAN+TO+EVER+WALK+THE+EARTH+-+GIVE+ME+KARMA)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
This seems like a repost. I'm tired of these stupid posts.
Dont know why this is worth downvoting, some serious chumps out there
I keep getting less messy, except for the zombie nails, but that was a lost cause on "neatness"  LOL
I take off my Danny Woodhead shirt at half time. The only times I've kept it on, they lost. 
Soccer Referee. It's the only job that I can legally work for, and I've been doing it since I turned 14. 
Ctrl click with [V], "auto select layer" on. Problem solved.
So it's not just me. When biomes first came out, I thought they were cool and all. But they just weren't the same - there was something about them I didn't like. I still can't quite say what it is, but something is pretty different about the new terrain that I just don't like.j
Glad I'm not alone in the love of the old :D
What's the big deal? Three days is plenty. You're lucky your editor doesn't want it done faster.
Whenever there is a snowstorm in the forecast for a ski area within an 8 hour drive for each of us that's falling between Friday-Monday, my father will leave work, I'll cut class, we'll meet up somewhere and drive to where the snow is.
Doesn't matter if it's the blizzard of the century, it's underway, and we're not even supposed to be on the road, we're going.
that is a really bad analogy
Good points. This team has some serious issues, but the season is far from over. I think Keller will make a big difference. Another point is that yes, Kyle Wilson did get lucky on a few plays, but overall the corners did a decent job without Revis. I think the run defense is simply an issue of tackling, not of talent or strategy, and therefore it can in principle be resolved.
Me neither. I've noticed on TV shows (very accurate source, right?) that lots of the actors portraying NYPD officers have black turtlenecks with NYPD on the neck, are those underarmour or just generic brand issued to you?
Mine was a similar story, I had begun to question the existence of God a few years earlier but I had no concept of apostasy or atheism and suddenly out of nowhere the book just happened to be in our house and I read it, cover to cover, and BAM! I realised I had been an atheist even before reading the book.
It lead to further reading and solidfying my understanding of evolution lol.
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: So, I had a band competition yesterday and couldn't get on here at all... missed this trend by a wide margin, apparently.
>Meme: Confused Gandalf
>* OVERLY MANLY MAN?
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r5664.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/RbFyo)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||OVERLY+MANLY+MAN%3F)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
Eh, I wouldn't really consider many of these as test tracks. The Cataracs, Nicki Minaj, Tiesto, Lady Gaga, System of a Down, Florence and the Machine, etc. 
There are some tracks that might sound good on a good system, but not much that I would say tasks a system or would serve as a good reference.
This thread brought my happiness down, man. I remember trying to start a band with a few buddies but my dad just told me I knew nothing about music, his words really got to me.
It does take a weeaboo to make some wild logical leaps and manufacture excuses to flaunt some minimal Japanese knowledge. That + faux-Japanese username = weeaboo alert.
>I never knew they used kanji writing in Iran.
You and I and everyone else know that they don't. You just wanted to say 'kanji'.
>Turns out there is a small number of dojos in the country, where women are training to change the current Islamic status quo that Men > Women.
This is one of the most ridiculous sentences I've ever seen. Although I'll admit that the idea of feminist ninjas is a compelling one.
>If anything, this is a sign of how Islam is slowly losing it's grasp due to imported foreign cultures.
If you're importing *Japanese* culture as some sort of model of gender equality you are doing it oh-so-very wrong, my son.
I said inside a 'home'. I believe they were kept in a shed or barn like structure. Thanks for your interest. 
Could included ceramics (lighter but only take 2-4 hits) and also have side plates. 
ive been to this bar in nyc and just want to let yall know its lame as fuck
I love Traced in Air. I almost included it except that I haven't heard enough of their other albums to be a good judge.
As for HevyDevy, I've only got a copy of Epicloud, Ghost and Deconstruction so I can't really recommend something I haven't heard.
Also, not a big Tool fan so I cant recommend them to anybody.
I've actually never heard anything off Meddle (embarrassing) so I can't be a good judge for that one.
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: ALWAYS.
>Meme: The Most Interesting Man In The World
>* I DON'T ALWAYS MAKE BIRDIE.
>* BUT WHEN I DO, I LOSE MY NEXT TEE SHOT.
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r566p.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/eU0sZ)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||I+DON%27T+ALWAYS+MAKE+BIRDIE.+-+BUT+WHEN+I+DO%2C+I+LOSE+MY+NEXT+TEE+SHOT.)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
People wanted to learn. There just wasn't a way.
I bet with $15k, op could get a production run of 2-4k units.
I'd much rather Xtians vote for him than Mitt. 
[Johan Santana](http://i.imgur.com/dDoww.jpg) even wore a customized Wild jersey back in June.
I know right? Everyone's just butt hurt they didn't get more karma for asking the questions
Upvote for the state I became a meth addict in!
After you shave clean your regions with Dove soap and then use any standard lotion afterwards! Works like a charm, I've found any unscented moisturizing lotion works, I prefer Cetaphil.
...I don't think that any Packer fans were blaming the refs for their losses against the 49ers, the Giants, or the Chiefs, let alone "all" Packer fans. I understand thinking we're whiny because of Monday night. I'd say you were wrong, but I can understand it.
You know what? You're right!
Stranger in a Strange Land. One of the best science fiction novels I have ever read.
Yeah, that is the reason why I love that film so much. Because I was so blown away when exactly half-way through it went somewhere I could never have guessed. 
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: Friend just did this in the elevator earlier today
>Meme: Socially Awesome Awkward Penguin
>* TRIES TO HOLD DOOR FOR PEOPLE COMING INTO ELEVATOR
>* ACCIDENTALLY SPAM CLICKS THE CLOSE DOOR BUTTON
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r56c6.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/Y2wly)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||TRIES+TO+HOLD+DOOR+FOR+PEOPLE+COMING+INTO+ELEVATOR+-+ACCIDENTALLY+SPAM+CLICKS+THE+CLOSE+DOOR+BUTTON)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
Its not that complicated.  Take a shower.  Soap up your balls and run a clean newer razor carefully across it.  I do this like every time I shower.  Then set the trimmer with a guard and trim your pubes.  This is not complicated.
Found this while looking for Mizzou games (Mizzou fan here). Thought I'd show some fellow SEC brethren some love as well.
Are you following a diet plan or do you just count calories?
its not like magnolia needs publicity
Wow, you know a lot about Reddit...
Well, you could always offer to do the dishes after dinner and let her browse the list then. 
Posts must be directly gaming-related. Thus, "generic" image macros/memes (where the character itself is not related to gaming) like Scumbag Steve, Good Guy Greg, etc. will be removed. **Something that "reminds you of a game", or "looks like something from a game" is also not an appropriate submission**; similarly, reaction GIFs are also not appropriate as submissions.
I don't think there is such a thing as 100% either way, to be honest.
Good to hear that you're going to keep at it. Ask questions if you want more help with something giving you trouble.
What evidence do you have that those are or aren't what they're talking about? They haven't been specific either way.
You're headin the right way.
I agree with most of what you said, but not the last part. I found a lot more value in understanding the nature of reality than spending my time believing in a falsehood. 
It's scary at first but they can handle it, have more faith in them. In the end it is truly liberating.
Slowly creeping? No. "Steelers Nation" has been around since the steel industry in Pittsburgh tanked in the early 80's. A ton of Pittsburgh natives moved all around the country searching for jobs. This is why you see Steelers fans in every city. Many of them are assholes because they were raised by union steelworkers who believe things should be handed to them. (The steel union's inflexibility was one of the biggest factors in the collapse of the US steel industry.) So these kids grow up being taught a sense of entitlement and immunity from scrutiny and turn out to be assholes in general.
Then the super bowl rings happened and all the people who had no team allegiance or were fans of teams doing poorly quickly jumped on the Pittsburgh bandwagon.
And all throughout the land, all we heard was, "Six rings! Six rings! Six rings!" And every non-Steeler fan wanted to punt the fake Steelers fans in their nutsacks for being elitist jerks. And the steelers fans never shut up, and they still think Super Bowl XL was a legitimate win, and they still don't think Polamalu is a dirty player, and they still think Hines Ward is an upright citizen, and they still don't think Big Ben is a rapist, and they still think they are best team in the league despite being 1-2 after losing to the FUCKING OAKLAND RAIDERS.
But yes, I hate Steelers fans.
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: Brace Yourselves
>Meme: BRACE YOURSELF
>* BRACE YOURSELVES
>* HALLOWEEN COSTUME POSTS ARE COMING
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r561h.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/VNTT2)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||BRACE+YOURSELVES+-+HALLOWEEN+COSTUME+POSTS+ARE+COMING)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
This has to be the highest upvote/minute ratio I've ever seen.
64 gigs total is what  I chose.
That way I can use my phone as a complete media/music replacement as well as my phone.
I'm a fan of the whole cloud thing, but my connection is never stable enough to make use of it, so I like my physical storage until the networks are ever-present and super fast.
At that point not only the game developers are losing money, but you are also wasting GameStop's money.
If i can't even get girls to go get coffe with me i doubt i can get them to agree to nsa sex
In that last picture... are there more locations for similar ethernet cables?
If so, if you want to wire a computer to the router then you just buy another cable (or use the black one you already have) and plug it into the computer and into the router.
If it doesn't have another port... you will need to buy a LAN switch... which is another router without the wireless. 
You're telling me. It kills me because I'm way more advanced than these courses require. I got accepted to Northwestern, but I couldn't afford to go. Feels bad man. 
That has been my experience as well. Though, on the opposite side it kept saying I was male and telling me to change that. It gets kind of silly sometimes. Cause she segues into things so frequently.
101 Downtown in Gainesville, Fla., does this too.
Didnt the KHL say anyone coming over from the NHL had to be a stanley cup finalist?
Fuck yes, I'm slipping into a diabetic coma just looking at that picture.
Haha...the artist's depiction of this looks like an asteroid big enough to knock Earth off it's orbit. 
One is a drawing and the other is real.
Mockingjay did not meet my expectations considering how good Hunger Games/Catching Fire was, I agree. But it would've gotten too repetitive if they had thrown her and Peeta into the Games again. I personally felt the last book was okay; mediocre. 
TBH, I'd let you know, but probably make a joke about, "It's ok, I am still learning all the colors" to make you feel dumb about not knowing a basic skill.
Wow. How did I not see that? Thank you.
EDIT: Ok I only see Hot, New, Controversial, etc. when viewing the submitted links. There is no way to sort just on the comments it seems.
NEVER buy the protection plan from the store you bought the product from. Instead, buy the plan off the internet when you get home. It will cost less and cover just as well. Plus, it will give you a chance to figure out if you really need a protection plan or if you can deal with the loss of whatever product you bought. 
None of you guys ''really'' know him, Can't really judge a character w/o being close to someone. We have seen the worst and also the best but it's barely enough to decide what kind of person he is in rl.
No need to begin your name with so, SO_POLICE
Edit: cannot spell
Get rid of the Legends thing and just make legendary teams, like the 84 Oilers or Habs teams from the 70s. Get licensed goalie masks, try adding more equipment, stop putting terrible music into the game
10/10 would listen to based on name
Isn't this just a more specific formulation of the problem of induction? It seems like the fundamental issue with *all* human epistemology--we have no way of logically justifying one explanation of our experience over all other possible explanations. 
In this case we have no logical way of justifying a simpler explanation of our experience over a complex one, but it all stems from the basic issue of induction.
This is both funny and hurtful.
Was great to watch them in the process of putting together my, hands down, favorite RHCP album!
That is CREEPY! also, they're anti-gay (or so I've heard). Very sad since I love target's clothing and would love to see one put here.
I haven't been able to find the photo, it is only a desktop background. I may take a screenshot of it though so you guys get a better look and analyze it. I see one person in the back of it, not sure if related. 
I think they need to put a bit more emphasis on the skills again for players like Messi instead of making them as quick and fast as they are. To me Messi's speed seems I really elevated from the last game.
[ Link to the song ] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nQK9eUWvnQ) Holy shit that is a jam! Makes me feel Nostalgic about playing GTA 3, since one of the radio stations had a lot of similar music from the era. 
Wile generally accepted as fact, the 0.5% BAC max is untrue. Depending on the level of alcoholism, many people can get up to 0.9% or even higher. I work as an EMT, and my personal best is a patient who ended up with a 0.86% after we dropped her off. Highest I have heard of was ~0.92% from another medic in my corp.
Just saying, it can go higher.
***mike_botz***:
>&#91;2012/09/30&#93;&#91;23:38:43&#93;
>[&#91;Translate&#93;](http://translate.google.com/#auto|auto|@carlocign @FRANCESCalciO @TheMilanGuy Milan might not be what it used to be, but I still managed to recruit a new fan! http://t.co/JQFrbdw7 'google translate this tweet'): [*@carlocign*](https://twitter.com/carlocign 'twitter user profile') [*@FRANCESCalciO*](https://twitter.com/FRANCESCalciO 'twitter user profile') [*@TheMilanGuy*](https://twitter.com/TheMilanGuy 'twitter user profile') Milan might not be what it used to be, but I still managed to recruit a new fan&#33; [*i.imgur.com*](http://i.imgur.com/onsh5.jpg 'url unshortened via longurlplease.com, images rehosted by imgur.com')
[&#91;This comment was posted by a bot&#93;&#91;FAQ&#93;](http://www.reddit.com/r/tweet_poster/faq 'tweet_poster')[&#91;Did I get it wrong?&#93;](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tweet_poster&subject=Error%20Report&message=[Oops!](http://reddit.com/r/ACMilan/comments/10qgri\)%0d%0dPlease leave the subject and this link unaltered, but feel free to add a description here. 'report an error')
Well with the boys only having 2 issues left, he can kinda sign his time writing cape books with his signature "fuck supes" style.
Although in a industry so heavily focused on cape based books, it's likely he'll come back eventually.
When did guys and butt plugs become a thing?
Male butt plugs are not a thing. It's counterintuitive to celebrate your heterosexuality by shoving penis shaped objects into your butt. Being comfortable with your sexuality should entail celebrating your bisexuality rather than attempting to convince other heterosexual men that putting fake penises in their butt is "being comfortable with your sexuality."
I can't thank you enough. Looking fantastic so far. 
The answer is rather simple. God created humans exactly in his image. Meaning that it was intended to look like a tail. He does this simply to test man's faith, for example the dinosaur bones was also a test. It has been proven by scientists already that if they were to be animated creatures, that they couldn't even operate properly. Because they were never meant to, their purpose was merely a test. You have not passed the test of faith yet. 
If you go into Haven (or whatever the big town is in the scrapyard with that chick with the face scars) there are 5 different weapons chests located on the rooftops and such. Open them up and then reload the game, then open them again. Rinse and repeat enough, and you're bound to get lucky with a good weapon.
SORRY! I was excited and stopped thinking.  Would you like a list of everything in the photo?  
And the shop I go to when a case has less then 5 remaining they usually mark it 50% off if you buy it all.  Everything I bought was 50% off.  
Are you close to being accepted like me or are you already in the program? What is your thought on having a bunch of your children running around?
Not exactly 12,000 years ago, no. 
I wound up buying only 2m for $1.24 and it's still pending. Should I buy around $9 each time?
Ummm. Cool story bro?
It is federal law to accomodate employees based on type of job and polling hours.
[Sounds like an assisted pullup/ dip station.](http://www.commercial-gym-equipment.co.uk/usrimage/assisted%20chin%20dip.jpg)
 I have 2 exams and have to cram 8 chapters for tomorrow and put off studying until Sunday. Now I'm just sitting here on Reddit thinking about how fucked I am for tomorrow. 
I suppose my area is not very dangerous for cats. My cat lived ~ 20 years.  Although, maybe she's a rare case; she was particularly intelligent and agile. 
why? why would zoro's attacks cause fire?
lemme in bro! lemme in!!!!!
you must have wonderful internet 
I agree with you 100%.  I also see it from their point of view, though: that they created the WA's with too many limitations.  Personally, I think they should retire them as antagonists. No "wrap-ups," just move on and leave them in the past.  I don't think there's much left to do with them.  Having them be the end of Amy and Rory should be the epitome of their time on the show, and we can leave it at that.
Need bravery.
Seriously though, clever trick!
Because people have hormones and emotions and can be immature when it comes to sexuality. Marriage offered stability because you know you are being cared for by someone who would not want to hurt you and things like that. In theory. Remember people used to get married at 14, 15 years old even a hundred years ago. 
Marriage doesn't prevent/solve any intrinsic problems with either partner, though. Plus there are a ton of other factors that come into play about society (in the past and now) that helped to keep communities together because of marriage contracts. 
The way I see it, don't look at the church's reasons why you must wait for marriage. Instead, look at the overall results of an object and determine *what* and *why* the cause (marriage as a "necessity" before engaging in sexual acts) is necessary for its effects (many and debateable). I'm saying be objective and think a bit for yourself, but remember you're studying people with emotions that are often times unreasonable and easily manipulated with negative things like fear and isolation for a so-called "greater good", in this case being God.
I have had a really tough day...this had me laughing out loud crying, thank you.
Holy shit, it is my cakeday! Thanks for the well wishes,friend
Yeah, so? Mining wouldn't be the central thing to do in Mercer. Likely so, the only thing we'd be doing underground there is collecting cobble or XP grinding.
To my knowledge the religious groups had little to do with the incident in Sri Lanka. It was the Sinhalese vs the Tamil and even there it was a minority of Tamils vs. a minority of Sinhalese.  Apart from that what we see here are ignorant, uneducated people being aroused to attack under certain beliefs which quite possibly would condone any such behavior in the first place.
I always thought co-op had a higher chance of better quality loot, whilst solo can still get the best loot but it's just less likely. Might be wrong though.
Lol I wouldn't watch the sox at all if I hadn't gotten free tickets.
Level the field.  Make 4 years of college a right, just like high school is.
Times have changed.  College is a necessity for a comfortable life.
This.  I've had someone get legitimately mad at me for being harsh to a Giants fan here on Reddit..  Everyone should understand that Eagles and Giants fans have an understood and respectable hate for each other.  It's simply our nature toward one another.  
P.S. FUCK YOU
True, but if I had a laptop I guess I could take it anywhere...
I'm more upset by the hash tag.
Do you know what acorn is?
Obviously it's complicated, but the goalie is in the box and you can only have four skaters one the ice plus the back up. Since a team can only have two goalies on the ice at the same time, when the goalies penalty is up, another skater can jump on the ice. The Goalie in the box can return when play is stopped. 
I played lacrosse in college so that's where the idea came from.
nooooo shit 39% qb rating I don't know about Sanchez next week
Why are you so angry about the friendzone? I doubt you're in any danger of women wanting to be your friends.
The title may well be correct but I'm tired of this reddit beating about us all being geeks, it just undermines people further
Yeah, replaced "mostly" for "basically" there...
True enough.
I just feel like a kind of superficial diversity is being emphasized.  Not because it's important but merely because it's fashionable.  A white man and a black man who both grew up in a well-to-do suburb would likely have more in common than either would with a coal-miners son from rural west virginia.
The itching goes away after a while. I shave my pits and for the first week or so it was real itchy, but it goes away after a while.
>the importance of their decision making
We're going to have a TA-50 layout next week!
*somebody might die!*
> Everyone else is convinced that he deserves someone better, and I need time to fuck off and grow up. 
Minus the "fuck off" part, it's quite possible that everyone else is right.   You probably *do* need to be alone and grow up.  This is life.  It's ok to make mistakes, but you better learn from them.  As you can see, making stupid decisions (like sexting when you have a partner) leads to bad things.  
Let whatever happens happen and take this as a life lesson.  There's nothing more you can do.
Is it working now?
I sort of disagree, keep in mind froggen has played ~400 anivia games. I think by anivia's nature her damage is more avoidable, and its harder for her to snowball early game, shes ultimatly a bit more skillshot reliant where as TF's kit (with the pick a card) is designed to trip up a players positioning by forcing them to pay attention to what card they get. Misaya is a god because he manages to pick whatever card he needs every time first time through them, yet he never misses a beat. Thats why you see some players (even some of the best OTHER tf players miss cards) they sacrifice picking the right card for watching their positioning in a fight or watching for the perfect opportunity to gank.
Nah, showing a guy's nipple isn't censored.
Fine you're right, I'm stupid. Why won't you allow me to spread my hate of my uneducated opinion of Elementary?
Standard length AR-15 buttstocks have a hollow space in them
Most people store cleaning kits in this space 
I would like to see an AR-15 buttstock with a built in holster that stores a small pocket pistol, like a Ruger LCP 
Wippenberg - "Pong"
He has some other good tracks, but nothing quite like this.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzvc7fcWs9k&feature=fvwrel
veigar if you use his q alot, it makes the q more powerful, which makes you last hit with it more, which means more power, which means more last hitting, etc.
This OP is making me dumber. 
Trunks are my go to, vanilla underwear. Unfortunately, I do have a little problem with my muffin top, but its getting better!
And it makes the legs look pretty good, nice and subtly masculine. But I guess I am looking for something that kinda pops? :D
I just linked the first one I saw. Sorry D:
EDIT: You can PM the link and I'll change it. I'd be pissed if that happened to me.
(Very liberal) Christian here. Obviously your children should be taught all about science and that evolution is basically indisputable fact. I also think that teaching them Bible Stories could be very good for them (even from an atheist parent's perspective) because it can teach them about morality and helping others. Then as they grow up let them decide which religion or lack thereof they want to follow. An alternative would be for you and your girlfriend to both present your sides and allow the children to decide but that could obviously create some issues. I don't know how you manage to date someone who rejects evolution, because I couldn't do it and I am a Christian. 
Thanks for all these, there are a few that we do play play but we have problems with:
Arma 2: We are trying it out now but are having issues with maps and multiplayer hosting (some people cant join)
DayZ: A fair few of us just don't like it.
RO2: Good suggestion, I'll recomend it.
GW2: I know there's a few who play Guild Wars 2 but I'll see if anyone else is intrested.
PS2: Great game, but I was waiting untill the open beta comes out.
LOL: Another good suggestion, thanks.
KF: We already play this, but its difficult to find a Australian server that has a player limit thats over six.
WoTR: The game just looks terrible :D
NW: Should have mentioned that this is what I'm in a regiment for :)
MC: We just got a tekkit server up and running we might try it in the future.
And also, thanks for all the suggestions!
joining hope im not too late
TIL people still play WoW.
Or it could have been a story about the destructiveness of conflict and how it only serves to weaken those involved in it and that with the eradication of war and bigotry and through co-operation and understanding of others we could have limitless potential. By making the reapers the only possible victors the only message given is that it doesn't matter what you do, you are wasting your time cause the result won't change. Shit will happen and you can't change that so don't even bother.
OK, this is a female dominated set of comments right now, so I'm just going to take my penis and wade in here: We feel pain. We get hurt. We have insecurities. Women really don't seem to get that for every girl a guy gets, he's probably had anything between 3-12 rejections. This can count for a pull in a club to a steady girlfriend. And it doesn't feel good. We aren't there to be pulled up or pushed away at will. We don't simply bounce back when a woman tells us we aren't good enough. How women see us is a major yardstick for our self worth, and using us to hone your sharper insults on when all we wanted was a conversation or a dance or something is simply cruel, and often uncalled for. I understand you have the right to reject us, I do, really. You have the right to choose the man that you like the best. But please try to understand that we have that right too - we cannot be blamed for trying, and it isn't our fault that we don't all have the face of Ryan Gosling, the body of Conan the barbarian, and the eloquence of Cyrano de Bergerac. Try and remember that we are all human - and since the burden is on us to make the move, we are the ones who have to deal with most of the brush-offs, insults and general shit involved in romance. We can be shitheads at times, I know that, and I'm not going to apologise. As I said, we are all human - both sexes are really as bad as one another.
Now that's over, I think I'm going to go and have a shave, before I go change the oil in my car and eat a large meal consisting mainly of beef to restore my manliness.
How does this count as a recut? I mean, correct me if I am wrong but a recut just means recut, not 'recut with audio from a horror flick' - this would be a mash up more than anything. 
Reasonable question :) you actually can in DOTA and also in multiple other games similar to League
/r/needsnocontext
(alright, I'm just saying, there SHOULD be such a sub. :D)
I have too. :( I think what they're trying to do is change the image of the town completely, renting places to the more fancier folk and running the 'shady' ones away. My family an myself were run out of our apartment for a day late rent. It seems they only want higher up people living there. This includes restaurants and other small businesses. They're trying to 'trade up'
"WTF why my flash doesnt work, it went on cooldown but it didnt teleport me :/" trying to use flash the same way as a teleport summoner, thought its the same but it teleports u instantly
Money lasts so much longer. And telling people that I'm only single because I can't decide between all the women who want me, and I don't like being tied down. If only it were true... 
I love this site, and I think it needs more attention. 
Its wrong if you lie or lead her on and make her think you want something more. 
If you're honest with her about it, then she can ether agree or decline. 
Lying is bad, so don't do that ok. 
Ya, that bar was on Drinking Made Easy with Zane Lamprey a while ago. He bought 40 shots all at once and made the market "crash"
im sorry what proof do you have this happens. im having a hard time this isnt some bs youve pulled out your ass.
An awesome illustrator - this is a good story on her (it's a video): http://www.cbsnews.com/video/watch/?id=6470089n
Terrible any way you slice it.
Well I want to be paid in gum!
I know, but I wanted it to appear like I was going to have to really stretch to get over 300 million.  
30 million + 60 million + 22 million + ONE POINT TWO FUCKING BILLION.
Thank you, I forgot to clarify how much filament costs. My natural PLA (I have asthma so I need natural filament) cost me $40/spool.
Are you joking? What if it hits the horizontal stabilizer at 600 mph? I know the chances of it happening are tiny but we're talking about a commercial aircraft here.
At his bosses house!
Fuck, the team played so well, too. 
Philbin's new to head coaching. I don't want his scalp just yet. It's Carpenter I'm pissed at. He's been to the pro bowl, for Gods sake. He can't play like this.
And the Mormons are nothing like the Muslims...yeah, right!
Oh, and always 1/2 a lemon, too. 
As someone from Cairns, this pleases Me.
Thanks, just talking about this helps. I think I'll send him one more message telling him how inappropriate he's being and if he tries anything else I'll ignore him.
I did this genuinely but not vocally. As in I didn't go out with a girl who liked me (a lot), because I thought I was too immature. Now, I feel like a fucking total idiot because I've been single ever since lol (and we were probably perfect for each other too) - hey, then I guess I was too immature...  
(I can't track her down at all, I've tried)
They should have just unliked them - that would show them.  :)
It's currently under construction. :(
As soon as a non-political website starts force-fucking your face with their political views... I'M OUT 
Ah, first love it's the best and the worst time in your life.
I have to admit, the second wild card, weird as it seemed during the offseason, has produced some great drama over the past few weeks.
Happy to see the A's and O's do so well so unexpectedly too. [although A's, please, lose some more games?].
Successful trade with wagnerjr. I traded a 560 ti for a Razer Black Widow keyboard. We met up in person and he was a nice guy, very helpful. All this happened within a day, so very quick response time!
The entirety of transmetropolitan 
Loving it - if it finishes as strongly as it has begun then it'll be remembered as a classic. I can see it doing a roaring trade as a collected graphic novel.
I'll give you a personal fist in the face.
I'm not a neckbeard. 
Your last paragraph is about all I agree with. 
Why do people like things I don't like? _I hate them so much._
That's the **point** I'm making. Plenty of people HAVE BEEN, but nobody knows who they are.
I don't know if I could do it at a high dose. I'd be imagining back stories for all the psycho's, mini- or otherwise that I mow down, and might feel bad leaving little psycho joeys without a psychomama and psychodaddy to raise them into proper psycho's.
Edit: And I don't have Borderlands 2, so that'd be a hindrance.
You're ruining the circlejerk.
For the mind virus to be spread, it must take control of its victims' reproductive systems.
How do you guys get burnt sugar to stay transparent? I mine is always slightly brown 
Wait for the first SP before jumping the gun on such at thing.
Not a single clash of types. I can't even say that when using my favourite, non coordinated team. Well played sir/madam.
He comes from whatever planet Tommy Wissue is from.
Carolynn Manno - talking is hard and you do not have to get excited when you hit a word you know
I got hit while not listening to music, does that mean I should now be playing it every time I ride!
Haha! I see what you did there!!
This guy.... this guy gets it.
ok, thanks for the info. Making a post there!
Actually, I was wrong. They changed the law in 2010..  Only estates of more than $5M pay a single dollar of estate taxes.  So, no, the vast majority of millionaires can give their entire estate up to $5M tax free to their heirs. 
I suppose it depends on the school. But like I said, I dont think doing them separately will force you to be in school for 3 years *longer* than you would have if you were to have taken them at the same time. Maybe a year longer, but definitely not 3 years longer. What you are suggesting is that if you were to have taken the astrophysics classes at the same time you did your comp sci, then it would not have extended the length of time you were at university. I find that hard to believe.
There was one point where Carolina had 98% chance of winning. 
There's a red dot in the middle of my screen, I thought it was a newly formed dead pixel. Tis' not, all is good.
How does shit like this even get upvoted
I only know of him 95% naked and as the bropic. 
Looks like some sort of antenna, do you have any more picture?
That man snapping sounds like the result of 13 years of public indoctrination and the elimination of rational thinking from this mans life.
As with all other social problems there is a voluntary way to deal with people "snapping". One thing you definately dont do to deal with the problem is create a small group of people with a monopoly on force to "protect" us.
still worth a try!?
Came from a book series by Lisi Harrison. Then Mattel bought some rights and decided to make the dolls. After the dolls came out they did like..web episodes (there is a really cute website with games & etc) then Nickelodeon occasionally shows made for TV movies of Monster High. Oct 9 is the first official DVD release of a new Monster High Movie. 
The books and dolls/movies are COMPLETELY different. I love the books..my daughter loves the other stuff. 
If people attracted to females can get their fodder, I don't see why people attracted to males can't have theirs too. It's present in the game, so keep the scores even. All the way or not at all!
Thanks dude! I wanted a spare Deoxys :)
I was on here charging people for drawings when there were only 5 members, trust me, it's allowed.
>Thats the worst pic of "dad nailing daughter over kitchen table" i've ever seen.
FTFY
She has amazing eyes
We need someone to step up right now. Just thinking about going into Oakland up one game scares me shitless.
I think I'll have to get at least a tank or two... I have a ton of juices from Vapedudes at 50/50. They don't work that great in my Kanger T2's and Mini Vivi Novas damnit!
Congrats on getting a good device!
To be fair, the identity of the main villain wasn't solidified until the middle of the season.
is there any way to make this a wallpaper?
I like the trapdoors used as shutters. I've seen them on the side, but not on the top of windows.
[](/b38) Aw fudge, should have let you guys know about this ahead of time. We removed /rdsad as an alias because clicking on it redirected you to a NSFW image. We had hoped just changing the default name to /rdcry would alleviate this, but some people continued using /rdsad, so we removed it as a name last night.
[](/rb38)Sorry. We'll try to be better about notifying you script writers about sudden CSS changes like that.
Lancer here, get off your high horse (pun intended), we won VA state championship in football a few years back
Try searching for shit tests in the search box over there --->
but they have superb cameramen!
Its all about the bubble.
Sell the idea to Mann co.
Hangover 3 plot summary:
Have a "casual" night of drinking before important event with important person
Wake up hungover with no memory of night. Important person missing. Stu's has something fucked up with his face.
Retrace steps from night before.
Find out Stu did something with some type of prostitute.
Find out Alan drugged everyone.
Chow shows up. Gangs are involved.
Have revelation to where missing important person is.
Find important missing person.
Make it to important event just in time.
End Film, collect millions. 
We win and drop from the AP poll votes completely.  Guess we just have to beat Michigan.
You will need to install it from a DVD disc or a USB stick, the link above leads to a page where you can download a Windows DVD to install windows if you have a license key, if you don't have Key then you're going to have to buy a copy of windows.
Of all the 22lr pistols I own or have shot, this one feels like it has a bit more recoil and its very snappy. I agree it feels a lot like a center fire pistol. It still has practically no recoil but it's different than any other 22lr. 
Oh wow... well, the easiest way is to eat it!
If you're not willing to do that immediately, you want to just clean up the edge of the cheese (where the cloth still is) and cover the exposed side in saran wrap.  With the edges cleaned up, you should be able to get a nice seal on the exposed surface, which will keep the moisture in.  Store in a cool, dark place.
Seriously though, I'd just eat it.  It looks pretty excellent.
Agreed. You are preaching to the choir, my friend.
Well that sounds like quite a story.  Do tell
Not really something I did to be cool, but I fractured my forearm playing basketball over the summer in middle school (8th grade maybe). When I get back to school, I find that the popular girl broke BOTH of her wrists and I would never get any attention to my cast because she had two.
There's one in LA where you shoot yourself off the ass end of an Asura's experimental gun onto an island too.
Yeah, I posted that in another thread. That way, people can have the explicit lyrics and 2K can keep the ESRB rating at 'E'.
>So you've inquired about a job as a migrant worker picking strawberries from dusk to dawn and been rejected then? 
A job is a job which was my point, and if farmers hire illegal immigrants because they take lower wages they are robbing from the citizens. 
**From your source** :"Mexican flows are key to the immigration debate because 58% of the 11.2 million immigrants here illegally are Mexican. Just over half of all Mexican immigrants in the USA are here illegally."
So 5.6 million people in a country that is short on jobs and you're gonna talk to me like they all pick strawberries on a field all day? 
>Agriculture, Forestry, fishing, hunting* = 3.8%- illegals 
*Notice how they HAVE to lump agriculture with other jobs to make this statistic seem important.
>Construction = 21.2%
>Manufacturing = 13.4 &
>Wholesale & Retail = 11.5%
>Professional & business services =13.3%
>Leisure and Hospitality= 16.7%
And these numbers are from a group specifically dedicated to Hispanics they even call illegal immigrants "Unauthorized immigrants". 
http://www.pewhispanic.org/2009/04/14/appendix-b-additional-tables/
So go talk to all those American born construction workers and tell them how they're not getting fucked, all those unemployed Americans that apparently just wouldn't "pick up strawberries" all day. And remember to pull your head out of your ass.
The Joss Whedon Drinking Game:
1. Take a shot every time he unexpectedly kills a character you love deeply.
2. Die of alcohol poisoning.
On average, how many bitches do you shack a week? 
We won out of 12 with 75.5 :D [Here's our show](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LveQKIOR0xA&list=UUYYAn3sz5h2P_0N7oUK_axA&index=1&feature=plcp)
Confirmation of my feeling that music teachers should take something analogous to the Hippocratic oath.
I think it's also not just about the sex rejections, right? It's about the emotional baggage that I'm carrying into it, which makes it worse. I get it, people get tired, but if it was only about the sex, and not about the cycle I've experienced before, when he got disinterested in sex and then in me, and then in being with me, and the whole thing almost fell apart... I feel like it'd be a much different story. 
How about the [MOV](http://www.mountainoakvapors.com/MOV-Genesis-Style-Rebuildable-Atomizer-Tank-p/mov-genesis.htm) from mountain oak?
http://i.imgur.com/SJ6wl.png
Another reason why the textbook by Harris is fantastic. I legitimately enjoyed reading it because of shit like this. 
It was in Skyrim and completely random, so no.
My dad showed these movies to me when I was around 5 and it haunted my childhood. I would wake up screaming at midnight convinced that there was a face-hugger underneath my bed.
Race and Gender both. You'd be surprised how many businesses are owned by the wife of the guy who actually runs the place. It might not be an epidemic level of fraud, but it's a well known tactic.
It was a short and wide food grade container with a snap on top.  It was heavy and should have been plenty stable, but I think you underestimate the clumsiness of an overworked 16 year old busboy.
A 'point and laugh' and 'thumbs up' gesture.
Don't tell me what to do, bitch.
Utopian projects = mortgages and a trades school.  That's just sad.
[You're best off naming the folder that the movie is contained in EXACTLY as it shows in the video metainfo source site with the year in brackets suffix](http://wiki.xbmc.org/index.php?title=Adding_videos_to_the_library/Naming_files/Movies)
[However there's a way of using an .nfo file to bring the data in, or direct the lookup.](http://wiki.xbmc.org/index.php?title=Import-export_library#Movies_2)
To add Widgets you have to edit the xml of the skin or find a skin that has the widgets you need.  There's a confluence mod skin that has widgets.  and Transparency! has widgets, you can try them or edit them to get what you'd like.
[Shoutcast](http://code.google.com/p/queeup/downloads/detail?name=plugin.audio.shoutcast-1.1.2.zip&can=4&q=)
Cheap coffee. Smells great, tastes like tar.
You can't count on having that information. Unless you pylon scout, most often you won't be able to see if he has gas, let alone if he has a factory or not. You should have an opening that is flexible enough to account for pretty much anything a terran might be doing. Generally that is some version of a 1 gate FE. 
So THATS why only russian parents seem to warn against standing under icicles. i always warn my friends not to and they are all confused.
Everyone has their fantasies ;)
haha - I'm 41 - that constitutes older, particularly in the context of gw
Not impossible, but certainly inconvenient. Can't even find cheap WLCSP sockets, either. There's a niche to be filled here...
I'm pretty sure I'm still a kid
Steven Moffat has also said "Maybe that number doesn't matter anymore now that the timelords are all gone" So I bet they're actively trying to figure out how to get around that number.
When half the comments, especially the top 2 comments, say this doesn't belong in /r/WTF, I think we should disagree with the mod here.
i am a former sony fan.  They are no longer customer oriented.
Yeah, the Army sentenced me to live in the land of fruits and nuts for 3 years, and I slept right through my first 4 quakes while I was stationed there.  I wouldn't have even noticed this one if I hadn't been awake already.  I guess it was a slow morning for news here, because the local nbc station was providing "continuing coverage" of the quake all morning long.
I'm sure that's what you meant, but the way it was written implied otherwise, with your response to me saying I was actually gay.
I think this is 100% awesome, rather than 50% awkward.
Left boob or right boob?
Awesome! Let's all cheer for yet another right being taken away!
Let's force kids to take anti-depressants next!
I like your username.
Just in case you're in danger of ever getting laid?
Thought it would be a good idea to shave it before departing for a 3 week trip... So I can say I itched all around Europe.
Can you please stop reposting 2/3 year old shit?
I am down by 8 and have the same dilemma. I also have Michael Bush. My opponent doesn't have anyone left to play.
AJ's homerun on mlb.com is labeled as "Ellis' two-run tater" ahahha
Salvador Dali, because he is Salvador Dali.
Always makes me happy...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Akb2hyw1aNg&feature=youtube_gdata_player
And sad ... 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXEdzgMvzcA&feature=youtube_gdata_player
Confucius is trying to say that if we place our emotions in harmony humans can be virtuous and understanding of each other. It is so easy to display anger than to suppress it and look for the good. We had to read Columbine, a book documenting the school shooting, for our senior year. I learned that yes they were crazy for believing in such radical ideas, but those kids were in difficult situations such as failing classes and lacking parental guidance. You are correct in saying that instant emotions control one’s judgment, but one’s judgment can be flawed due to the environment. I think harmony of our emotions is possible and we can live in peace by encouraging these values in our society. Peace and happiness may seem easy for one to achieve but for one whole society is unlikely. Like we discussed in class, “realist” optimism, I believe, is the key to reaching harmony. 
Have any of you happened upon his youtube channel? I subscribed just on the off chance he pops up and uploads something else in the future. He's great!
[Murray Gold - I am (not) the doctor](http://youtu.be/LKrt5IVXQ7k)
[Murray Gold - Southern Fried Who](http://youtu.be/ewk22UWIZmo)
O&A finally make front page....
I wish this track was on BOATS! One of my favorites off of the album for sure!
I used to work at a grocery store, I can confirm this.
I'm glad my current workplace is closed on Sunday's, tho :D
If it was a bot, it wouldn't be you controlling them..
if she told me to kill someone.  i would.
> Could you tell me some of those skills you'd suggest? 
EVE has too many support skills to list them all. Download EVEMon, and check the "core competency" certificate (and the recommended certificates for the ship you want to fly) in the certificate browser - that's a good list of skills to start. Use your common sense, if you want to fly purely armor tanked ships, then you can hold off on shield tanking skills.
Not really. I hated Android. I used it for 2 years so I should know. I had a 3G before I spent 2 years on Android. I switched back to iOS and I've never been happier. How can you seriously just tell me "no"?
Yes! I haven't bought anything yet, but I did see a nice Remington 1911, I also fondled the hell out of a Taurus Tracker, which had the one of the smoothest trigger's I pulled. Sadly, I didn't see any S&W revolvers to compare it with, but I did see a Colt Python. No way I was touching that.
Portal would be awesome, thanks!
Darn I wanted to see this but you can't watch it on mobile. Darn you iPhone. 
Hoover isn't anywhere on that poster...the guy on the right is Harry Truman, Roosevelt's last VP.
Ah, take your ideas and edit them to screenshots. I'm sure Jagex would find these much more helpful then what they usually get on the forums. I remember Mod Mark asking us to give constructive feedback on the livesteam - so they know what has to be changed in the game. By showing visuals and describing our ideas we are giving them a much needed helping hand. 
No I went straight in at Level 2.
You've got Dave Dover for Ensemble haven't you?
Oh, God! The Puns!
that's just a glitch in the matrix.
Well, according to several English teachers in Japan the Japanese education system was set up at a disadvantage towards women.
When I graduated my first job was lead designer for the advertising dept for a small paper in my home town.  8.50 / hr.  It was an awful awful job.  Awful!
When I left my salaried position to do the self-employed thing - I was working for a dot com in an internal design dept.   I was making 35k a year.
Now I've been working on my own for a handful of years.  Things fluctuate like any small business, my best year I made ~120k , worst year was around 55k.   
Same thing that happened when General Zod came to Earth. Superman/The Iron Giant would fight them to defend the Earth.
Don't do what he is suggesting. 
This is me right now. Someone put a stop to it!!! At least I know I'm not the only one.
So. Muslims are angry that someone insulted their religion. They proceed to set temples and people's homes on fire. Logic tells me that everyone will respect them so much more now!
haha hell yeah, that's what makes it such a hard question!
How long have you lived there?
The key difference you're overlooking is one person saying that of themselves and one person saying that of all one gender. It's like say all men deserve a woman that makes them sandwiches without complaining. 
^^^^^^^^Not ^^^^^^^^very ^^^^^^^^much. ^^^^^^^^;-)
maybe not prevent WW2, but adjust attitudes towards jews so the holocaust wouldn't have happened.  
When viewing the comment section of a post, hit the arrow-coming-out-of-the-box icon down bottom, then "sort comments", then "new".
I don't have a costco membership, but I will check out Paradox via internet. Thanks!
That makes no sense. 
30 seconds for me, did it for research obv
I fucking hope you die.
Well even if that were true, they're not calling me up later so its working either way...
Even us swimmers don't do that...
Do you suddently feel a need for flesh?
Not quite sure yet. I think this one might be on the house though.
Shouldnt this be called Good Guy Dog? Good dog greg sounds weird
You idiot.
The enemies that are supposed to be my level (14) are **TEN** levels higher (24). I can't continue the story mode because of this glitch, because those enemies are part of the story mission.
Reddit, are seriously this fucking stupid?
Yep, and Count Basie, Lionel Hampton (my fave), and of course Glenn Miller, Goodman - I mean, the list goes on! It's funny walking through the nursing home - they have these sing-alongs where some young 'un is trying to get them to sing We'll Meet Again, and it's a long way to Tipparary, but Dad's not there. He's in his room listening to the smooth sounds of Nat King Cole, Dino, or Sammy. Sometimes even Little Richard!
What song is this?
He needs a system that works for him. Campbell struggled because of the coach carousel.
Some lad for one lad.
In your defence I think it's absolutely fine. I would gladly say it to anyone close to me if they attack my choice to follow logical reasoning. Depending on the situation, I would go as far as 'like lambs to a slaughter' :p
I just see it as something equivalent like the rat race. No problem in reminding people where they stand in society in regards to that.
They don't abide by the local pop vs soda consensus.
so.. this is what /r/atheism has become? Basically /r/adviceanimals with worst jokes than /r/funny.
.
..
...
nice.
1 more hour for it to air on the east coast. I think I'll wait.
How about two Origin accounts with Battlefield 3: Limited Edition on'em? :D
*waiting for someone to comment on the black chick....
Anyone else look for the tooth?
I like, and dislike the Absinth piece. It's beautiful, yet so drepressing. 
He *specifically* mentioned he's comparing the OS, not the hardware, and that the iPhone 5 couldn't be beat for browser speed.
Also, the folder speed has nothing to do with hardware. Its slower on iOS because Apple designed it to be slower.
Glenbard North. Doubt it. 
It's interesting, many people cite social media being an important part of the uprisings in the Middle East that overthrew many governments that were fairly corrupt. Now it seems to be sending other countries into civil war.
It means she can taste your fear, and it tastes delicious!
I don't know if you knew, or if you looked it up, but I'll take your word for it. From what I've read Steamboat Willie was released first, apparently there was something that the... people who show it had with plane crazy and the galloping guacho(something like that) I still need to watch the second one.
Woot woot Avi Marines. The most back stabbing laziest job there is. It is great when you get out, you will relearn all your freedoms when you get out. Former 6413 (610)
True.  Although Reagan started the program, the voters featured attribute it to Obama and use it as justification for voting for him.  Therein lies the problem...
Look at it this way. On XBLA you can get the Blacksmith pack and the Pink Knight Pack for 2 dollars. On Steam you can also get the Blacksmith pack and Pink Knight Pack for 2 dollars. The Necromantic pack is likely to reach Steam in time.
I think it's more likely that future scholars will refer to this time period by another name and refer to their own time period as 'modern.'
Either that or they'll use another name for themselves and call us deluded fools for thinking that we're 'modern.'
English lit. Man! Psych has tons of women too. Don't take Women's Studies, everyone looks at you with glaring eyes when they mention bullshit like patriarchy and you start to feel like a Jew in Nazi Germany.
Upvote for being German.
Sorry i'm American, I ~~like~~ love having a nice hospitality towards Europeans
Really though. What does that mean?
What really goes on when you enter the nether!
A fun little machinima, hope you like it!
Feedback welcome.
Awesome! I had no idea the public could go there. Are there tables or stools? What do you actually do once you are up there, or is it just look around? 
I may try this. What sort of rum did you use? A spiced rum? Dark rum? Regular rum? 
Face it, some people are just meant to be alone. Society itself is telling you "if you want to live, fine, but we don't want anything to do with you besides smiling while we take your money."
[It's a hip-hop world, son.](http://youtu.be/EkskqOH66MM)
Wait, if their IPs are in the config, they'll basically have reserved spots towards the 10 count? You sure about that?
Ahahahah so many laughs. Thia doesnt happen to me thankfully
That's a stupid way to pronounce that word.
It's must always be Latinized.
You look great! No need to worry... Keep posting.. Keep smiling
I think I just realized why Pinkie could never be the savior Gotham needs...
Thank you for spending your time to do this. Greatly appreciated.
Agreed, but O have a feeling it will still be priced lower (not by much, maybe a hundred dollars) than the exact same product with the same specs and all. This is because Microsoft does not want to destroy their OEMs but they also will be wanting to price it as close to cost to make as possible so that people will want to get it and then be brought into the future of Windows.
In the case of internet trolls, we probably have something less than psychopathy happening most of the time.  The desire to lash back is strong, and -- when the Devil's Advocate is running naked through my mind -- I almost see it as an opportunity to learn about "turning the other cheek."
The worst thing that can happen to a troll on Reddit is to see a big 1 next to his/her comment for all time.  Downvoting to a point spares people from having to see it, but it gives the troll something desired.  I guess it's nice that they can have that kind of fun, but zero feedback serves to bore them away.  Don't feed the trolls, yada yada.
But it occurs to me that meeting each troll with unreserved kindness might even work better.  It serves all of us in the end if we feel the compassion we've exhibited and they have nothing to rail against but how *supportive* we are.  The most obviously non-sarcastic, non-reactionary, friendly response might be just what is needed.
Obviously that's a real challenge and I'm being naïve about a huge percentage of the cases.  We can't stop each other from getting mad, and I certainly don't get mad if someone insults Christianity or the people of the faith.  I get mad when someone is simply looking for support in dark times and has to put up with obvious intent to hurt feelings.
My solution right now is to give the mods as much work as they can take.  From now on when I'm Redditing I'm singling out the requests for prayer and/or guidance and hitting that report button as often and as hard as I can.  I've seriously considered approaching the mods with time slots I know I can cover and a promise to use only the power to just nix the trash as it comes in, and treat it like a job.  I just know I'm not qualified to make ordinary judgement calls about the rest.
Ahh, I hope he enjoys it :) I haven't had one for a few years and now I've recently come to wanting to play one but I don't have one at hand :(
'You don't have to shove those rolls into your pants, they're free, sir."
Never been called sir before in my life.
I'm sorry, lawyer up.  There is little advice we can give you. Fight it the best you can, you need to be able to challenge the credibility of her statements.
We are trying to change things for everyone, come back when this ordeal is over.    
Yeah, but KC doesn't have much at all.  I mean, it has P&L, Westport and the Plaza, but all the people seemed very boring to me when I was on a contract there.
Yeah...stupid guy gives me a gun? I do a quick spin away from him and put a bullet in him.
At the moment in the beta mech isn't viable vs protoss because if the protoss go full air the only AA that terran have are vikings. And mass vikings get destroyed by carriers/tempests/storm - also I don't need to say that when you go mass vikings you have almost no ground army.
Blizzard want to make mech viable vs protoss but if they don't give a descent AA to mech, it will obviously not be.
I understand where you're coming from. While I understand why I self harm, I sometimes find myself doing it for no real reason (like tonight, unfortunately). I was really bad with my self harm a few years ago, and I had to bleed every day or I wouldn't be able to fall asleep. Something about it soothed me. Maybe it's the adrenaline high? 
Yep that's the last time I do that.  
I'm looking to go into public accounting and audit the shit out of some companies.
You're lucky then. If you don't mind sharing, how many combat arms soldiers do you typically interact with?
The soldiers I met that were openly racist were almost exclusively combat veteran NCOs, and either infantry or armored MOSes. Most of them would have been unhappy having anyone from an Arab country in their squad. I should say that my use of "brown people" earlier was hyperbolic. They almost always expressed hatred specifically towards Arab culture and those that adhered to it, not anyone's mere ancestry.
Thank you. I definitely understand your last point.
Ok, here goes: if you like the shirt, wear the shirt. You're welcome :) 
I don't even wear t-shirts usually, but I would totally wear and buy these. Although donating just *one* book per shirt seems a little cheap.
She's dead! Wrapped in plastic!
At a simple base level, if you create it and publish it (including online), it's copyrighted automatically. You can registered the work for more protection, but it is now required. A few quick searches can provide a lot more detail than I can.
As for publishing online, it comes down to how comfortable you are. Personally, I've kept an online collection of short essays/stories for over a year now. I have a general copyright notice for the entire site and place a small notice at the end of each post. I use Creative Commons, but you can use more stringent protection of you prefer. I'd be happy to show you how I've done it. If you'd like links to my site, just PM me as I don'y want this comment to turn in to a commercial for me. :)
Good luck!
Back in like 5th grade I would just randomly do a spin while walking every 15-20 steps. That makes you cool, right? I thought so, anyway. 
Blackmill definitely deserves a lot more recognition
Thank you so much for your invitation. It makes me feel better to know that y'all are so supportive and are able and willing to offer help. 
=)
Greg Wilpert's [Changing Venezuela by Taking Power](http://venezuelanalysis.com/book/changing_venezuela) is good and also [Rethinking Venezuelan Politics: Class, Conflict, and the Chavez Phenemenon](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2280696.Rethinking_Venezuelan_Politics) by Steve Ellner. Also [Venezuela Speaks!: Voices from the Grassroots](http://www.amazon.ca/Venezuela-Speaks-Grassroots-Carlos-Martinez/dp/1604861088) is essential reading.
Wartortle appears to have an actual water gun hooked up to his back.  That's just...wrong.
Smoking marijuana can certainly do damage to the lungs.  However not all forms of smoke are equal, of the studies done so far cigarettes seem to carry significantly more risk.
Romney's campaign seems as reliable as Windows Me. 
I get about 16mbps over 3G in south west Australia on Telstra (iPhone 5).
May be a stupid question, but did your wife contract HIV/AIDs
?
I'm always a fan of 8-bit tattoos.  But there is one thing I don't like about it (And I'm not trying to be a dick, just throwing my two cents in there), I personally never think that getting a "Relationship tattoo" (As I call them/hear them referred to as[Did that sentence even make any sense?]) is a good idea.  I've just heard too many stores and know too many people who have gotten tattoos to signify their love for another person just for the relationship to end and them completely regret the decision.   
Now I'm not going to tell you NOT to get it, and I hope that you two don't split up (I don't like to see that happen to anybody).  It's just a possibility that I think should always be considered before making the decision to get a tattoo of that nature or not.  
Yeah the final fantasy airships have a lot of influence on me hehe, so there are a lot of similarities x)
No idea about the ring but it looks to be a nice one; rings are always a good find. 
In reply to [meliaesc](http://www.reddit.com/user/meliaesc) on ["I'm so fucking sick of these people.."](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/10pkjf):
> A desperate 30 year old needs the money more than the 14 year old who wants more video games.
At 2012-09-30 16:27:35 UTC, [filbert_bright](http://www.reddit.com/user/filbert_bright) wrote [+56 points: +86, -30]:
> Some jobs (like at pizza places) are meant for teenagers. They have just enough responsibility to help an unskilled teen learn what work is like. The 30 year old should be overqualified and looking for more appropriate work. I hate how our (US) society tries to pretend that every job should support a family. 
[Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/MPhQp.jpg)
[Vote History on srscharts](http://srscharts.co.cc/#c6fk79k)
&nbsp;^This&nbsp;comment&nbsp;posted&nbsp;by&nbsp;a&nbsp;bot&nbsp;|&nbsp;[Report&nbsp;an&nbsp;error](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=SRScreenshot&subject=Bug%20report&message=%5BComment%20thread%5D%28http%3A//www.reddit.com/r/ShitRedditSays/comments/10qgrt/i_hate_how_our_us_society_tries_to_pretend_that/%29%0A%0APlease%20add%20any%20additional%20comments%20below.%0A%0A)
---
[](/siren)The&nbsp;Fempire&nbsp;needs&nbsp;**YOU**&nbsp;to&nbsp;join&nbsp;Project&nbsp;PANDA&nbsp;today!&nbsp;|&nbsp;[What&nbsp;is&nbsp;PANDA](http://www.reddit.com/r/ShitRedditSays/comments/1006qd/meta_project_panda_the_fuckredditbomb/)&nbsp;|&nbsp;[PANDA&nbsp;Rally&nbsp;Point](http://www.reddit.com/r/SRSMeta/comments/104sq9/is_there_a_place_to_discuss_project_panda_strategy/)&nbsp;[](/siren)
---
Strang takes a very applied approach. I haven't looked at Axler, but I assume it starts with vector spaces and linear transformations then builds from there. 
I used to pretend I had extensive medical knowledge in 2nd grade. Whenever anyone would get hurt, they would come to me because I was a Cub Scout for a month. In my mind that meant I knew first aid even though all I ever did was build a shitty little car to race down a ramp and got a badge for it. 
My idea of fixing any injury was to demand that someone go get me some toilet paper. I would then pour water on the toilet paper and wrap it around the site of the injury. I was so cool.
I'm just curious...when did you decide to be straight? 
If you plan to study Conjuration, I suggest getting the extra conjured weapon pack. I forgot the proper name, but it should be easy to find.
You English guys were for it before you were against it...
http://hotword.dictionary.com/fall/
b/c solo lanes are easier to get countered, so they're switching champs?
Fresh baked bread and fresh brewed coffee.  Although both are very good, they just don't taste as good as they smell.
This is largely why I believe the only way the separatist aspect is feasible is the results of a total collapse situation which is not going to be a pleasant process for anyone involved.
Also, Oz is a tyrant who builds a broken society whose inhabitants are forced into a worldview which is essentially a lie, and when he realizes what he's done, he takes off, reneging on all his promises.
Exes are always crazy.. -.-
New Orleans isn't happy right now.
Brees manages to make me happy in FF.
The first time i spent a week hungry because i blew all my money and the fridge didn't magically re fill. 
Wait, do people think I'm saying people never use "re"?
I posted two sentences showing how I thought both "center" and "centre" are applied in Canada, I hope people didn't just skim over my message and think I was saying it's ALWAYS "center"
Impossible to say - how big is your subject? What angle of view do you need?
A 300mm lens on a 35mm full frame camera [has about 8.2 degrees diagonal field of view](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angle_of_view). That means at a distance of 3km, a subject of about 400m size would roughly fill the frame.
Vibration issues aside, you'd need a really, really clear day to get a useable result at this distance.
18+ is where it goes down the shitter for me...
Floor cat is watching your ceiling masturbate.
You need more scopes brah.
1. Star Trek
2. The Wrath of Khan
3. First Contact
4. Undiscovered Country
5. The Voyage Home
6. Generations
7. Search for Spock
8. Nemesis
9. Insurrection
10. TMP
11. Final Frontier. 
I know this numbering probably makes most /r/startrek fans cringe, especially my number one. 
Happened to me in the middle of a friday afternoon! Said they wouldn't have any til their next delivery, ON TUESDAY (Monday was a holiday)! This was for original recipe strips when they first came out. 
Two reasons:
1) It's human nature to feel this way. People love the "us vs. them" struggles and like to feel like amazing little snowflakes because that's what's made good story and inspiration in the past.
If you see someone that's popular that you don't like nor understand, it's because you're that beautiful little snowflake that has this wisdom that no one else possesses, or if someone else possesses, are part of some sort of oppressed elite that the rest of the world is too stupid to understand. Us (the Redditors) are so glorious in our intelligence that we can see that these plebian sheeple (them) that love these pop artists and shows are beneath us, yet are so great in their numbers that it is up to us few fans of "great" art to fight for our art that really isn't even ours. The problem is that this logic is bullshit and most people who are anti-mainstream are partaking in just as many dumb and fucked up kinds of media.
2) Schadenfreude. We like seeing bad shit happen to people because it's funny to us.
**TL;DR You guys are dicks.**
and its only 19.99$ !!
Well it is mentioned every single time Apple is discussed on Reddit, and it never adds anything to the discussion.
Realistically I would say I'm about 70% of the way there.  Once or twice a month at work when we're not busy I unplug my mouse and lock it up, thus, forcing myself to practice.  
I just don't get how my co-workers spend so much of their time remembering where a file or application is located when we have Windows 7.  Press Windows key, enter file name, hit enter.   Stop remembering where you saved stuff and for the love of god stop saving it to your desktop.  
I have NO icons on my desktop as well (the two that are there are hidden).  I find it too busy and distracting.
Kalamazoo Beer Exchange, baby!
I'm 26... I'm getting old so now I enjoy wine and craft beers and getting drunk at home lol
Thank you and you are very welcome. I love to disseminate knowledge to those who are interested and provide best advice I can to those who seek it.
I also like to get to the bottom of things, and find most rational explanations to things that at first seem almost mystical. 
You don't need to defend Jesus with absurd laws that punish people for having unpopular opinions. It's quite easy to just ignore stupid people who burn books. 
I'm glad you brought up abortion.  That's another medical procedure that governments want to outlaw because 'government always knows best'
Government out of the doctor's office!  Let patients decide!  
You should have podded him
seriously, what do you want us to say?
even with a used car I gotta be frugal with everything else...
Why have Skylands when we have The End! It's like the Skylands only bland, almost inhabitable and is home to an infertile dragon!
oh wait, i just did
My brain wants to read it in a Chinese accent...
If she's the right girl she'll like silly, awkward, and romantic!
People didn't have to giver her the money. Now they want to bitch?
I think it was during the boss fight with boom and bewm. Haven't found any legendaries since, it really is random.
If we ever decide to have kids, I would like to do this. Seems like a great way to connect father and son.
reddit broke another website
I miss being able to move more than five steps without having to huff and puff to breathe. 
Surree. Do you have the proper documention for me to beleive this?
oh god the centurions. to think donut was my leader then...
Yeah I think this comparison was generally ill informed regardless. 
Only on accident. When they're trying to Google.
Algo-drinking.  70% of all bar purchases are performed by high-speed computers but only account for 2% of all alcohol consumed.
My money is on Gyp
You are Swedish, which means you are most likely extremely gorgeous. 
When was this discussed?  This is extremely dangerous historic revisionism.  It's a key indicator of political hate.  It's poisonous social conditioning towards hate.
He's a novelty account? His username doesn't really give it away...or is lil Jeffrey a pop culture icon I should be aware of?
The only funny part about this photo is the way the guy playing is sitting..
Have you watched [Krauss](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ImvlS8PLIo) at all? There are theories about what made the first thing, and they're pretty fascinating. Still hard to understand, but that's why it's high-level theoretical physicists doing the work, and not you or I.
Edit: I apologize if you're a high level physicist with a different area of focus, I should not make assumptions.
CG is awesome! Pretty good for the price IMO.
It's even better to go the first showing of a movie on Sunday during opening weekend.  No lines and you get great seats.
That'd be cool for Indicud.
I see I see. Just snapped the shitty photo from my shitty phone hahaaa
Looks great dude. Love those wheels on that car.
Ah, now that makes a lot more sense. You need to sit down with that girl and talk about it. She needs to own up to what really happened between her and said Ex and decide whether or not she is ever going to feel comfortable 'returning the mouth favors'. Don't try to pressure her into giving you a BJ, but tell her that you've been doing a lot of thinking about what she said a long time ago about her ex and you want to know more, you want to understand what her aversion is to oral sex is but also want to understand what makes her... her. Tell her it's hard to be with someone who's hiding so many skeletons in the closet, especially when it means being awkward in the bedroom.
Thought these were 2 shelves at first. Still, super jealous. Mine are in a box
Please don't talk to me again. I'm not going to take anyone seriously who thinks a Prowler outclasses a Magrider.
It has a beak :(
Assisted pull up machine
Thats a guy. Check the stubble
Something like a Commencal Meta would be a good choice, it's an AM/XC frame, and I know a few riders who have them and love them.
You can actually find the 2010 carbon frames at really, really good prices at the moment.
Thanks, It's why I'm not running the Country. 
AMA request...
Any of these guys who are still alive, responding via video.
Condolences to the ones that have passed.
Use http://www.dotafire.com/ it helps me greatly following the guides.
I'm a 24 year old female in a 4 year relationship. I work 2 jobs and have an active social life (aka, I come home from work and there is already people at my apartment). I am apparently too active for my boyfriend so I resort to porn a few times a day. I look at porn at work. I look at it on my cell phone when I'm running errands.. I come home and find a vibrator. I'd love to have more of a sex maniac life style.. But unfortunately my relationship (or my work life) will allow it. (Which is unfortunate because I like to have fun.. But I don't get to.)
After watching your speech on "failing" I have such a tremendous amount of respect for you. If I ever went through what you went through with that stage artist thing with your friend, there's know way I could ever go on being a stage artist after that.
No, but now I question the sanity of the mods...
When I signed up for shift the key was automatically given to me. I did not receive a code I just had 2 keys instead of 1.
[](/ajlie) Never seen you in my life.
B A N A N A S?
Nice try, BBC PR team.
Like I mention, ANYTHING that's not 12-equal divisions of the octave (western standard tuning) is acceptable. Still, the degree to which you deviate therefrom may affect the attention you get. If you just retune a bach peice to one of his well temperaments or a meantone tuning no one will care much, regardless of your virtuosity, but if you write something polyphonic yourself in a machine tuning that is remotely listenable people will probably go nuts ;-)
And even still, if you write something less adventurous in, say, 19-edo from a meantone perspective, but take advantage of the new enharmonics, I'm sure it'll beg some attention.
I use this method too. Just take a stack of torches a couple iron picks and you will have more than enough iron, redstone, lapiz, coal, ect. I usually find around 10 or more diamonds in 30 minutes
 No mention of http://aqualabtechnologies.com/ Check it out if you're in to REAL GLASS! Not that chinese shit.
>I disagree. The size of an empire directly correlates to it's influence in the world, and ususally to its development, if you are the Persian Empire that you mention, you would have better science, techonolgy, and art if you were in contact with physicians from Egypt, philosophers from Greece, mathematicians from India, coin makers from Lydia, shipbuilders from Phoenicia, that if they had just stayed in modern day Iran.
Ridiculous! You can stay in contact with people without absorbing them into your empire! The Chinese were extremely influential in the world, but they were just an insular society and preferred to do business with other nations from behind a wall of safety rather than going out and absorbing them. If they had the same mindset as Alexander, they could certainly have taken most of the world, but they had no desire to!
>But if you compare the Mali Empire to the Spanish one, who do you compare the Holy Roman Empire to? Or XIV century Venice? There was freaking civilization in Africa, I've said so myself, stop saying it like it's an argument, but on the bigger scale of things, the contintents as a whole cannot be placed on the same level of development, not by long shot. Europe didn't have wandering groups in the 1700s for Christ sake's.
Well, again those are post-renaissance empires. Also, Europe didn't have wandering groups in the 1700s because Europe is small as shit compared to nearly everywhere else in the world.
>Of course it does. Brilliant and fascinating civilization. But does it represent the whole continent? Or half of it? Or 10% of the land mass of the continent? And did it not fade in importance as an independent African nation when it was conquered by the Persians 2600 years ago?
It doesn't represent the land mass of that continent because Africa is MASSIVE! Europe is a tiny speck comparatively, so representing the land mass of that region would be much less difficult.
>Because why not? I'm talking about the history of a continent, if you want to force the discussion to an specific aspect of said history of said continent, against another one, and in an specific time lapse go do that with someone else.
Because we are all in agreement that European powers prevailed after the Renaissance. The main discussion is why there were no great African powers, and I'm trying to point out that before European supremacy in the globe, African civilizations and empires were indeed advanced and progressive compared to their contemporary European counterparts or otherwise known as "great powers". Make sense?
>You know what man? You don't know what the fuck you are talking about.
And the guy who thinks it's fair to judge empires based on their geographic area is a genius.
Probably just sell it. What good would a one-off time machine be, anyway? 
How do I put "air" into it? There needs to be an input.
It's kind of hard when your receivers aren't getting open down the field and when you throw to them they can't catch it 
[Reddit, crashing smaller-scale websites since 2006.](http://www.downforeveryoneorjustme.com/exchangebarandgrill.com)
wtf experts! stop goofing around, write off the Giants like you usually do!
Are you looking for examples of the style, or academic books and articles on the subject? 
I happened when I least expected.
Reason as in what? It sounds weird to you?
Edit: last time I checked there wasn't any evidence for or against something that, by definition, exists outside the natural universe, and therefore outside of natural regularity and evidence
You should also mention to her that there can also be a wide disparity between who a person can be physically attracted to, and who a person can love. It's totally possible to fall in love with a man if you're sexually attracted to women. 
Wikipedia article [here.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affectional_orientation)
Could have just posted text and included a brief explanation of how it works in the original post...gotta get that karma though...
Haha all good. Just wanted to make that clear since it seemed everyone had forgotten.
As long as it's not rich.
"Forced by public opinion" - wow, that's a laugh! 
You have literally NO CONCEPT whatsoever of what it feels like to dislike your very being because society tells you that gay = wrong and that straight is the only option in life.
I'd love to be all diplomatic with ya, "OFFENSIVE_BRUTE", but you're a stupid fuck to the utmost degree. 
I'm pretty positive you made that comment to support your username but guess what? It's a stupid novelty account and a stupid sentiment. Try something else, because right now you just look like a jackass. 
I'm pretty sure in the snapshots maps start out small then you can make them bigger by completely surrounding them with paper at the crafting table.
I wish we could coexist peacefully.
I save all my hate for these two games, and the two games with the Cowboys.  The rest of my life, I hug kittens.
Fuck Eli Manning and his stupid face!
Im fucking sick of Americans shooting up schoolchildren and fucking cinemas and sikh temples and blowing up buildings and dropping fucking bombs on fucing tiny childrens heads and installing torturous regimes in foreign countries and intervening in othe countries affairs and destabilizing nations and fkghting wars and proxy wars around thr fucking world,  and justifying it because capitalism is such a fucking great ideology that brings fucking freedom to fucking people who fucking need it because its not fucking violent at all. 
Oh no, I totally get it. And that's okay. You put guys don't know what to do when we cry. And that's ok. Just ya know... Give us tissue and a hug. :) 
Can't wait to get a hold on Laid To Rest. Heaviest fucking album!
It's not as if my death will stem the tide of blood building within your shores. There was death today, and there will be death tomorrow. All you've proved here is that our own human nature cannot be subdued. It's in everyone to kill, but only me and you, mister executioner, seem to see that civilization, in all it's supremacy, is one panic away from being completely animistic. Enjoy your civility, because the next man life me could take it all away.
I thought this was hilarious, not sure why people are downvoting haha..
I wish they'd do that here in the States. Anyone who's ever tried to formally defect from the Catholic Church knows it's nigh on impossible, that's why their numbers are so high.
The screen pass spam is really really annoying. Have to man control the DE to chase after the RB and still sometimes it doesn't work.
The biggest issue I see so far with zone is, defenders don't pickup receivers as they enter the zone... leaving a pretty big gap sometimes, especially over the middle where a LB might be covering 
absolutely not.
source: I am the internet police
Shhh, the norwegians will learn our invasion plans.
That's my general feeling, that I wear a helmet mainly because it's the least I should do. I can't stand the people who look at those who don't wear helmets and flip shit about it. It's like drinking. As long as what you do doesn't affect others negatively, then why complain about it?
Many think that science and religion are incompatible because most religion have some ideas within them that contradict science, such as God creating the universe in 3 days, since you're a Christian. We also have no evidence for a worldwide flood a few thousand years ago, so science and religion are viewed as incompatible there, too. Many also discount religion because of evolution.
Not only do people use these as justification for science and religion being incompatible, but that science (as viewed by many) works toward a conclusion using means of collecting data used as evidence and observing or inferring from that evidence what happened. Religion, on the other hand, is viewed by some as starting from a conclusion and working to try to explain what happened using myths and legends. Some others view religion as a means to fill some of the small gaps that science explains but ordinary people don't understand.
Many, however, think that religion is a good way to explain supposedly supernatural happenings on our planet, such as thing deemed miraculous. 
one important thing is to tap your jumping soldier just before he jumps for the crit heals before going to your scout.
Thanks, Ive read about how to do that but its been a couple years, thats enough info to figure out how to do it myself. 
well, they use all 5/8" pipes in the US, so I imagine finding a 1/2" connector there would be almost as hard as finding a 5/8" one in Brazil.
so this isn't an obvious solution, and getting anything shipped or brought from the US can be a major hassle, but perhaps as a last resort.
I like your response better than mine.
The lure of karma was too strong. 
Water before sleep, bacon sandwich after.  That's science and it works,
U know theres about 100 mods already that does this. BWG3 for an example.
There is no point trying to explain this to Reddit, they don't listen to the show so they won't ever understand. 
The Heavyweight Warbears. This name is fucking awesome and you know it.
Yeah, I did a CELTA course at the start of the summer, taught teenagers in a summer school in June and July and as of this week I've got a South Korean and an Italian getting private lessons off me. Just in time too, I was pretty much broke last week.
What quest is this from?
I'm studying at Starbucks so I'll have to post an update when I get home.
Thank you, and congrats yourself :)
All Doctors are best doctor
My Dad had come over, hooked up my dial-up and was showing me how to use the Internet.
"So, say, you wanted to look up sharks, you'd just click here and type Sharks."
The first thing I ever did was look up Sharks.
my band was called 'missing cat'
you might have seen our posters.
Those feelings you are having mean that you are transgendered. You are a female trapped in the body of a male. Until you do something to fix this, you will never be happy. When you finally decide that you have enough courage to get sex reassignment surgery (sex change) it will be too late to do it. Go for it now. You will not regret it. Haters are gonna hate. They just don't believe this is a real medical condition and they probably never will so don't put this off. Be who you really are.  Work now for your goal.
what hes gonna do is you accept contract. he cancels buy order. that thing is worth 57 mil like all the other buy orders
Dog. You could talk to a dog!
>The reason ancap doesn't devolve into feudalistic property concentrations is because tenants are free to leave.
What about the above section on DROs, where those who refuse to comply with their legal system are effectively held against their will by force (i.e imprisoned)? There would likely be a huge number of people that could not afford to own insurance, or who did not believe in private property, and were thusly held; what's stopping DROs from trading these prisoners amongst one another as forced-laborers? Given the information you've presented in this thread, it seems very plausible.
I accidentally the download. I'll wait for a torrent, that download was taking an unreasonable time to download (they only seemed to have one machine handling all the downloads).
But now that the word "replacement" was removed from the front of the word "refs" it is okay.
Pretty much when I realized I was entirely financially responsible for myself.
The upside down backwards visor is a perfect touch.
Gov. Jerry Brown has also banned "Gay to Straight" therapy for minors in California. Why did Jello Biafra have such a problem with him when he was governor back in the 80s?
Just play along with whatever bullshit story they tell you. Give sarcastic replies or show disbelief through facial expressions. If the message doesn't get across their mind, just flat out call out their bullshit.
I still do it. I never liked Flash. 
The printrbot lc version is a repstrap. Reprap is self-replicating. The printrbot plastic is a reprap. It can print itself out. 
Wow, that guy is a douchebag. 
Stop waving that wand around, are you trying to cause a population explosion?
Do you think there is value in all of the aforementioned techniques in the grand scheme of the educational system?
I guess it depends on what district or region you are in. In my area, all the GameStops I have been to have been pretty cool about everything. I have a friend who is an ASM at a store (soon to be SM), so I also hear a lot of stories about all the inner workings, and they aren't horror stories. I suppose it really varies based on what your region or district managers are like...
Come on guys...A  record-setter kicker has a few bad games and suddenly the all the fans want him fired. 
Whenever I'm craving my favorite Mexican restaurant, Richie Valens' La Bamba comes on my shuffle playlist on my phone...
Guys lets not forget Garcon's dumb penalties that almost lost us the game also!
There is a Beer Exchange in Kalamazoo, Michigan as well. It pays off to like good beer on a crowded night as people will drive up the price of Bud Light and effectively make craft beers cheaper.
Oh come on.
We're all friends, we won't tell anybody, promised!
Edit: Thanks guys, you got my comment karma to 420 :)
I've been there. It really sucks. But trust me, it gets better. Like I said, start working on an exit strategy. You'll be amazed what a difference just getting out of that house will make. It'll get easier to talk to people and make friends once you don't have your toxic family sapping your self-esteem daily. 
Will give it a google, thanks!
"We was high as shit, too."
That should put you in a 28DD or 28E (UK).  The reason I give UK sizes is because they are way more consistent than US sizing.  You can find these sizes on ebay, brastop, figleaves, amazon, barenecessities, bravissimo, and freshpair.  Keep in mind that these sizes are a starting point, not an end all be all.  You might find that you need a 28F or a smaller size.  MyWifesBusty's guide puts me in a 30D, however that cup size is far too large for me because of the way my breasts are shaped.  I wear a 30B instead.
I believe Silent Hill did this in one of their games.  Load a game save and there was a small chance you would have to live through the nightmare to continue.  It was implemented to keep people from save scumming.
I'm aware. I'm just explaining why he said what he did which elicited a seemingly confused reply. Sorry, I thought you were *woosh*ing.
I call fake, no proof or answered questions, unless he made a video or something I wasn't aware about.
Alright, there was a photo like this a little while back where everyone got their pitchforks up and then people came out of the woodworks saying that the tigers were not drugged up. 
Not to me. Others may have an issue.
slenderman? what does he have to do with video games? hmmm...
So... [the ending of the first game!](/spoiler)
Just go back in the room.
That utensil rack looks pretty nifty; I'll have to see whether I can fit something like that in.  I'm looking to get rid of the crock as much as possible, since there isn't much vertical space between the counter and bottom of cabinet, which would make it difficult to life the taller things vertically.
I'd plant some food ASAP. Viable food sources will run out pretty quickly in said situation.
I don't think I'd be able to kill my own food - I much prefer it to arrive presealed and ready to fry, thanks.
I remember that place, there were raiders upstairs in the back.  I got the library data for Moira anyway.
Because the Bible says he is a God of compassion and love, and if that's true then why he is letting this happen to me? This certainly doesn't make me believe in him more, or make me love him more. It makes me hate him. I don't understand what he's gaining by making me hate my life. 
Please, point me to Japanese porn that isn't pixelated.  I can't get past that.
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
sigh if only guys could wear them, and not get weird looks or made fun of :(
el alfajor!
no me gusta la chocotorta, me parece un postre pedorro
Shut the hell up, you fucking redditor!
You don't have to look to America, you get mixed fans at Rugby matches in England.
So ex-boyfriend moved away and is now picking up his life, which is great for him. The biggest problem here is that he might not have anyone to talk to. Recovering from depression is a slow process, and most of the time having a good friend to talk to makes the world of a difference. That's what you need to be to ex-boyfriend now. 
Do not let this interfere with your current relationship. Tell boyfriend that you're talking to ex-boyfriend, and discuss the nature of these conversations. Don't lie to him. If you want your current relationship to work, you have to continue to nurture it. Boyfriend should know that he is still #1 in your life.
Be honest with yourself though. I know you probably miss ex-boyfriend, but understand that it might be a temporary feeling.
the stunning thing is that if she just admitted it, it would be fine. like, she could spin it and say something like, "yes, i require a product of animal testing to live, but if there were an alternative available i'd readily take it." 
but PETA isn't known for its intelligence as a collective.
Honey
Hear me out
It's delicious AND it prevents infections
I'm curious as to your MBTI type. This sounds like a very romantic view of the world, similar to how the xNFx views things, Keirsey's Idealists. If you haven't already, check it out at http://www.humanmetrics.com/cgi-win/jtypes2.asp
(Apologies if this is slightly off-topic. Also, if you feel comfortable, I'd appreciate if you could post your type on this thread or as a PM to myself, as I'm very interested in the outcome. Thanks!)
The scout from tf2. Well...
I'd suggest the Twilight Forest Mod of you liked the Aether
Mostly for gaming.  And in the evening I use it for the things I usually do on my phone once I shut it off to charge, things like reading RSS feeds, reddit, twitter, etc.  It's pretty excellent for all those tasks.
Who are you targeting with this info, 12 year olds that just got their first phone?
His sonic *does* glow green.
I cringe every time. 
Protein, carbs, and hydration.
McDonald's steak breakfast burrito and an orange juice. Or a ham and cheese omelette. However you want it, but meat/eggs, carbs and a nutritious liquid.
If you've only played Shogun, get Rome and Medieval as well.
I actually like this subreddit just for the fact that a lot of the times there is at least one subreddit that I haven't heard of before! 
> (assuming one isn't a gold-digger or someone who's terrible with money)
Just say gay couples. It's shorter.
In her defense, Zynga tilts me too.
I'd like to see a pro take a prop bet to grind $1,000 to $10,000,000 on Zynga. I bet they'd settle the bet before making it.
Yes, but what was the prop.
Didn't know this was a fucking repost... But for fuck sake! In "other discussions" no one is paying attention either...
Not sure if reddit is more concerned with cats and iPhones, or has too many posters to have decent upvotes and downvotes anymore...
you can almost hear the *boink*
This is better than every other "look who I ran into post" I've seen.
I have a passion to cook, I also have a passion for beer. They go hand in hand.
Best of luck to you. 
Yes, everything is situational. However, not having your entire logistics wing being shut down by a single neut or ECM is preferred for large fleet fights, which is what OP was talking about. 
Nothing witty to say, just wanted to say great job, wish I had the skill and patience to pull that off.
This was incredibly helpful to have someone else articulate, and gave me a better perspective. Thank you.
Hello my in game name is goronpikachu and i would really love to join your survival server because i always try to find some and i cant soo i would love to play on your server i am a very good person,i love survival servers and i help and get along with people very much and can you please whitelist my friend too me and him love to play pure survival and we get along with people very well my friends name is QuickSilver13 please add us both because we want to play with the people that are on this server and if you can please make us op we love helping people and stuff like, and Thank you for reading.
Severus Snape. I cried and cried reading that chapter over and over again. So emotional because he was my favourite character.
>I don't care if the poorer citizens of our states are the most dependent on federal programs. We will deal with those problems ourselves. We need less federal laws not more.
POOR PEOPLE RLY ON FEDS FOR HELP.
DONT WORRY, THE SOUTH ALWAYS LOOKS OUT FOR POOR PEOPLE, WE WILL LOOK AFTER THEM
WE DONT WANT ANY FEDS HELP, EVEN THOUGH THEY PAY FOR FOOD N SHIT.
Fucking moron.
Santana Moss. Look at the [stats](http://espn.go.com/nfl/player/stats/_/id/2564/santana-moss) he's put over his career. The best qb he's played with has probably been RG3 (Pennington could be considered, but only when he was healthy). He was really underrated throughout his career and it's a shame. 
this comment was trash. i prefer dubnines comment. its the #1 comment, your comment should even be on the list
sweet, sortof cool guy
Don't listen to them, you look sexy as fuck!
As an American female, I can confirm this. (PROOF: My pants are already off)
I think I love you.  
Strictly platonic.
And I'm stealing that line.
It's ten times prettier with the northern lights (aurora). 
Thanks, I'm really hoping its not too late. I just can't believe how much of a terrible person I've been to her this past year. Some might even say it was emotional abuse. I've never been more ashamed in my life. 
Here is another one: in Jet Set Radio (Jet Grind Radio), the silver staircases with rails have a glitch in them. When you grind on one of the corners, you will fall off everytime.
Can be frustrating if you are trying to not break a combo.
Sorry to be that guy, but I be always wondered - what is IIRC?
I'd be careful in this thread, people on the east coast are watching it now, and this thread is not spoiler-safe.
Also, episode is fucking amazing
Officially the first "Fire Gailey" I've seen yet. Congratulations.
I actually quite like The Great Escape, and I also have a copy of Mercy Falls, but I just don't know enough about their back catalogue to have an educated opinion.
I remember driving from LA to Phoenix talking about this book with some friends, didn't even scratch the surface. 
Yeah, and not all bad, I have a pretty decent link collection of helpful links for new redditors for instance. 
Yeah I can guess, the fat dumpy one, amirite?
Starfruit.  I've never had a starfruit that didn't disappoint me.
What would have made this funny is if it had 0 likes.
After going through ib physics higher level it was an easy 800 in the beginning of my senior year. wish i could say the same about chemistry tho...I bought the princeton book to do the exams on the back and got around 800 on all of them so that was basically my prep.
You're a hairy faggot. 
Probably still worked too.
im from California as well, Simi Valley actually. I live in Texas now but it really isnt a big deal to the majority of headshops out here either. But some do prefer to use the term water pipe because its more socially accepted in a place like Texas. Its so "hush hush" sometimes. Trust me, no one is more laid back than someone from California. People out here in Texas just tend to get pissy when you say bong. Fuck'em anyway. Its just a harmless word.
Would you rather fight a group of duck sized horses or a horse sized duck? 
they can, but having a reliable and even redundant supply route between israel and iran's boarder is an important logistic for any conflict. 
an arab country allowing israel to fly over to attack another arab country won't make them any new friends in the arab world.  there was a time when turkey might have allowed israel planes "unofficially" safe passage and taking the political fallout from other arabs later, but since the Gaza flotilla incident of 2010, there is little chance of that happening any time soon.  my guess is israel would "unofficially" use saudia arabia airspace, since iran knows the second they do anything to threaten saudia arabia, that will bring america into the conflict in force almost within hours.  when i say "unofficial" i mean that israel alerts the country prior to fly over, the planes avoid major population centers, the country flown over tracks the planes, but does not challenge target or fly near them.  so azerbaijan is a place for the planes to land after the flyover country publicly protests the flyover - that way they save face, but isreal can't fly back as easily, it's like a one way trip, so israel would then need a safe defensible place to park their planes till they can arrange for their return to israel.
If B.D.D. is affecting your life to this extent, I am highly skeptical that anything we say you will, a) believe or b) provide you with any level of comfort. I guess all I can really say to you is I hope one day you realise how truly beautiful you are, and your able to live a life unbound from the constraints of this disease. 
Portal would be awesome, thanks!
im really curious as to why he chose the name "SortOf". Is it 'sort of', or is it just a name that has nothing to do with 'sort of'?
Coffee beans, which you can eat whole.  They smell delicious.  Taste, not so much.
Unless they're chocolate-covered.  Then it's all good.
I understand it, it's just not funny. 
I wore roller-skates. Everywhere. I also proudly wore nothing but jeans and a denim jacket, topped off with red-tinted glasses and the occasional lollipop or toothpick sticking out of my mouth. I would roll around streets and do 360 degree jumps while yelling "hot stuff comin' through!" I thought I was kick arse.
[REDACTED] the [REDACTED]!
***(RESIDENT WAS REHABILITATED FOR THIS POST)***
Why aren't you doing weekly progress? Madcow/Texas Method/PHAT?  
They're what's recommended to do after SS stalls...
> The downside to this maybe that it it's hard to blow something up to prove evolution.
1. Build two big boxes, covered in mosquito net.
1. Fill the boxes with flies, or similar insects that reproduce rapidly and aren't subject to ethics committees. 
1. Provide food & water for the flies, so that they can survive and reproduce within the box.
1. Also provide a very small amount of C4 in one box (in relation to the size of the box) such that blast won't break the box. The other box is the control.
1. Every generation or so, detonate the C4, and replace with new C4.
1. After many generations, natural selection should favour flies which avoid C4.
1. After a suitable number of generations has passed, put C4 in both boxes; count the number of flies which land on the C4 in the test and control populations.
1. Perform appropriate statistical calculations.
1. ???
1. Deliver results.
The biggest technical problem with this is sizing the boxes & C4 to optimise the casualty rate amongst the flies to produce rapid evolution, without excessive risk of killing all the flies or causing them to escape due to the box taking blast damage.
The obvious practical problem would be that the rig would need to stay on the bomb range for ages, and so it would be expensive compared with other options. 
This is a Source Mod Called "Resize Players"
Here is the Link to download the Mod: http://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=193255
This submission has been removed. You did not have any of the valid tags in your post title. Please resubmit with at least one game play tag in the title. See [the Server Classification section of the FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/mcservers/faq#Class) if you are not sure which tag to use.
*[I am a bot](http://www.reddit.com/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fmcservers) if you have any questions or concerns.*
wtf is a modest
I am saying that you don't have to shut up. Feel free to keep posting. You are welcome to downvote if you are offended. 
The moderation system is not in any way going to hinder you at all! We encourage you to keep posting. :) 
I was only saying that you shouldn't downvote if you just disagree about something that is on topic. 
The moderators cannot direct the campaign for how the OP should go about her activism for equality, and if she is going against her own point that is not something that this sub reddit is promoting, we are just allowing open discussion for the user base. 
You are absolutely allowed to downvote her. There will always be people that disagree with you, or your views. I am not one of those people, but I am in a position where I have to protect both sides. There is no government here. There is no propagation. Just do what you think is right. 
If the OP wants to be countering her own point then that is her deal, and not affiliated with this subreddit. 
If you want to make a difference then I advise starting a catalyst for change. Propose ideas to help the community make more of an impression. Continue posting your thoughts. We are trying to support you and your efforts, but both sides must be heard. 
You are welcome to post what you want, and so is the OP. 
I hope that helped. Feel free to PM if you want to talk extensively about this, or any ideas you have. 
When I heard the team let Kasey go, I knew bad things would happen. I never imagined it would be this.
I can speak for my mother:  "I got used to my menses when I didn't have to worry about it anymore".
Adam, I'm a Mechanical Engineering student, and I would love to also get into entertainment as well.  Are there any opportunities for summer interns or can I just come see the shop?  That would be the coolest job of all time.
No you are just supremely butthurt.
My apologies as that wasn't the intent. Just tricky to do it ELI5 style. 
While it is true that concentrate goes through processing to add water and whatever else the they want to add...stuff that is not from concentrate also sometimes get things added to it as well.
The basis is that, in general, it's just the water was removed at one point...and then re-added. Course how much more or less water was added after may not necessarily be the same.
I guess one way to look at it possibly is...if you just not consider the taste. Grapes and raisins. Pretend you could put water back into the raisins easily and you get grapes again. That's from concentrate.
If I were to give you the grape right away, that's "not from concentrate".
Incidentally, he was accused of cheating and stripped of his titles. So, y'know.
The host looks like Yvgeny from Delocated.
Tru, I should have loosened the lugs before jacking it up....and also the car was parked so close to the curb that it was quite difficult to jack the car upp
I definitely don't consider it leisure.  It's hard work, but in this case it just seems like she isn't pulling her weight.
I've had mine for a little over two years at this point.  Definitely the least painful piercing I've ever had done, to the point where I didn't even realize I was pierced at first.  They usually will put a clamp thing on your tongue to hold it still and get correct placement, and that's the only slight discomfort I had getting the piercing actually done.  I had a lisp for about two days after, but that quickly went away when the swelling went down.  The rumor about the nerve thing is just a complete myth, it really has the same risks as pretty much every other oral piercing.  And in terms of your teeth, unless you bite on it or play with it a lot it really doesn't hurt your teeth at all.  I think its more about correct placement then the actual size of your mouth.  I have a small mouth, and although at first it was uncomfortable because they initially put in a longer bar to compensate for swelling, once I moved down to the shorter bar its fits completely comfortably in my mouth.
Its also not obvious; people don't notice it unless I actually stick my tongue out, so your parents might not even notice at all.  So I wouldn't worry too much about people judging you, because it's kinda up to you whether you want them to see it or not.  
We also didn't come into this season bragging our heads off.
I can confirm some employees will infact do this.  Not sure what they think of it, but they'll do it.
Great, but clearly not interested.
I like how they have a staged scenario video to justify the product.
I go there regularly, but I never thought to start talking to people. I'm normally kind of in my own little world when I'm lifting. I might give that a try.
I am currently taking tyrosine, haven't got any 5-htp yet but have ordered it. I've been taking it for about 3 weeks around 500mg a day, some days 1000mg. I'm about 120kg (~260lb) so this is sort of a minimal dose I am taking. One of the things I have learnt is that you should be taking a multivitamin as well because that will give your body what it needs to process the tyrosine. 
Overall it's been pretty good. Based on the research I have done, it may not last and it may stop working after 6 weeks but it is still working nicely at the moment.
TOTALLY AGREE, OP IS GENIUS. A+++ WILL DO BUSINESS AGAIN 
See the problem here is the people who upvoted you are either trolling with you, or have no idea about stuff but take the most cool sounding explanation and run with it. The same people who buy $5500 USB cables and stuff from coconut audio. 
The reasons I got married were, in all honesty, because I knew if shit hit the fan that he would be there for me. He was successful, relatively happy, and I knew he could take care of me if that was something I needed. I do love him, but I know now that love does NOT mean you should get married. It is not what holds people together. Perseverance, communication, honesty, and working at it together, is what keeps a relationship going. 
So, yeah, I didn't marry for love. I married for security. He knows that, it is no secret. I married him because I knew no matter what he would be right there by my side through anything. THAT is what keeps a relationship together. 
So, I think the question will always be there until you're old enough to realize (I'm 31, was in my first 10 year long relationship at 14)... that what you have done isn't settling. It's just, in plainer terms, what you need. That simple. I hope that made sense. 
Maybe they should vote Romney to un-ruin the country they ruined.
becoming reliant on other people, working in a retirement it's disheartening to see how limited the people actually are. Imaging not being able to cook, clean, bathe yourself, read, in some cases walk, and in most cases needing a frame or stick. Being stuck in the same house day in day out because you can't go out by yourself and your family are all too busy with their own families, having to ask for a drink because you can't get up and pour the kettle by yourself because it's too heavy or your hands shake, needing to have your food but up for you because you simply can't push the knife hard enough to cut it. 
on the other hand, some people don't get a choice about whether or not they get old.
on top of giving no fucks, having a fuck off attitude helps tremendously
Reminds me how they named some genes Pikachurin, Sonic hedgehog, and Robotnikinin. This would be really awkward if they turn out to be significant.
I'm happy for you that you got to be so close. I'm upset for you and all Lions fans after today. 
Rose did no damage to Noir during [their fight](http://www.mspaintadventures.com/scratch.php?s=6&p=005686).  
Thanks! Seems like I can find a bunch of special older stuff, but no actual special discs like the blue and translucent ones I see on this subreddit. 
Oh KOL... I remember you 
>To impose your own moral decision on an animal that has no way of understanding what is happening is a form of cruelty in of itself, in my opinion.
You're also "impos[ing] your own moral decision on an animal" when you stop a cat from mauling a small child.
They're on virtually all televised UK football & rugby pitches too...
your right you wouldnt learn anything important from it. But when people think of historical events 9/11 is top of the list for most americans(or pearl harour).
Saying something is boring is assuming everyone is you. everyone has a difference of opinion so i find it amusing that you're trying to argue that his opinion is wrong...
Alas, 'twas mere copypasta ye olde internet windbag.
But you're sure that you're smarter everyone else, so you obviously knew that.
Next time get some pappy van winkle or at least some Woodford. Or blantons... Eagle rare.... Four roses?
While you're at it chuck a couple of Kim Dotcom faces in there somewhere. 
You don't want it. Trust me.
I can't take child actors in dominant roles seriously
You guys have some snacks that are way better than here.... But I think we are pretty much on par for what our countries have. I know you guys have way better jerky!! Is there anything that you have in mind that you would want? 
Obama deliver good speeches, but is a mediocre debater, I mean there is a video that is circulating around, where he got out-debated by Paul Ryan. Some people are even suggesting Paul Ryan to debate Obama, and Romney to debate Biden.
He was our QB when it actually happened so. .
Makeup. It really only takes me about 5 minutes in the morning but it's a pain in the ass! Put it on in the morning, wash the gunk off at night. Skipping makeup is easy too but then we always get "are you okay? you look tired." -_-
Dog food.  Some I have seen looks appetizing...and it is edible.  Haven't tried it yet, but I assume it tastes terrible.
I think Seahorse was agreeing with Big-Sexy...
Also, usernames are so weird when you have to actually use them...
yeah, it seems they're bringing back what made earlier Office great: the drama. The comedy in this new season is kind of weird (seems they're getting pretty heavy with the Kevin gags) but the dramatic multiple storylines seem to have some potential. We have (POTENTIAL) SPOILERS the Jim/Pam new business stuff, the Clark/Plop/Erin stuff, the possible Dwight/British girl stuff, and even that Oscar/Senator thing.
Andy is still one of the weakest characters on the show though. Not sure what they can do. 
I think if this ramped up production it wold actually be pretty cost effective. i mean, you load them like a normal round, and then because it's just steel (im assuming) cones, you could actually take a large punch cutter/press and have it knock out a few hunder from a plate/roll of steel. it would be costly to set up and make dies, but once your tooled it would be pretty good
Hitting max level in a few months.
There is nothing wrong with claiming ownership of an item, especially if it's one you don't use. For instance, my boyfriend and I (5 years) don't touch each others phones or computers. It just feels like an invasion of privacy to me. If he wants to claim it as his own, let him have it. 
As for money, just starting out is really difficult for everyone. The way I handle it is both my boyfriend and I combine our income in his account for bills. When those are paid, we split what's left in half and I take half into my account. He can do whatever with his money without asking me, and I can do whatever I want with mine. I usually save mine, but it's getting harder to save the closer we get to the holidays.
I agree with you that were he to sell the guitar you two should split the money, even if the guitar is his. However, this isn't an issue you should let get between the two of you. Just make sure the possession isn't a one-way street. If he gets to have things as only his, then so do you.
Hush now, child.  This is Reddit.  No one will believe Obama isn't the peoples' hero.
[1984 was heartbreaking. I thought in the end, there would be a revolution of sorts. But no, they got him and they broke him.](/spoiler)
Wait 'til you see him swish a clutch 3 against a rival. So underrated.
Ok I'm online now and ready to start 
2 has always looked fun but 1 was very shoddy and is just for the Playstation 2 I think. Go straight for 2 I'd say!
Yeah, I was able to hold it together until that seen. Looking at his face was just heartbreaking.
Great job everyone! This has all been a real treat these last few months. Thank you!
Punch the ref.
In a *joking* manner.
It says, "Ripple Time"
http://www.bongoutlet.ca/images/337.JPG 
this is the kind i have...i dont think that would work...i emptied the water out for a few days ago and let it dry, just hit that resin got to a solid [7]. but i want the stuff on the inside wall. I remember hearing somewhere that you could use alcohol and clean it out, and when u collect the liquid you could boil it down and eventually itll become concentrated and the alcohol would evaporate....to be honest that didnt sound like it would work... would it? isnt alcohol + flame + you= bad?
Swedish. Its such a great sounding language and my girlfriend just loves Sweden.
I don't have a store readily available to me, closest is in clearwater. Most of my LGSs kinda blow.
>Although I have no clue how government works, I am entitled to be consulted on public policy by politicians and bureaucrats who have no clue about how business works.
Not to mention education reform.
Yeah! He said he couldn't shower at his girlfriend's house anymore and she had to get new shampoo because he couldn't handle smelling it. 
You cannot fast travel to The Warrior. You can fast travel to the place before it.
So many issues here.  Firstly, you CANT tell a virgin from a non virgin.  Tightness can happen even in non virgins...for medical reasons or otherwise.  Secondly, just because she liked it, that means she may be a slut?  Jesus.  People aren't toys or playthings.  Plus, not all virgins fight and cry.  WTF.  Maybe those others were faking, because it sounded like you WANT them to scream and fight?   Also, your post was a little vague, you did it with clothes on?  You were talking about a sailor moon outfit, and a shirt you wore but it sounded like you were clothed.
That may be true, but not everything has to be a solution. Guns are a hobby for most of us, and there's nothing wrong with having stuff just because you think it's nice. 
It's dangerous to go alone! Take your wife.
How do you get dressed in the morning?
No one has the balls to put them all three in the same place: unidentified flying object, alien intelligence, visiting Earth.
I have no problem with it at all. There's PLENTY of evidence. At this point, if you don't believe, it's because you're just denying the evidence you've been given.
http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-series
This may be straying a little far off but this is a list of all kinds of fucked up things, and some that arent very fucked up.
Oh, a blank page.  Ok. 
The little boy's quote about the Doctor being fire and ice and rage from Family of Blood:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlXnNr04X2c
Are you sure you want to share that sort of stuff?
Sorry I was at a Reddit rally, could someone explain?
Did he have speed?
Hey, who's the hot naked Asian chick?
It was said that Euron's gifts are poisoned.
I thought the Dusky Woman's poison would be that she had an STD and could pass it on to Victarion...
do you have back spasms or back pain?  when i get spasms i get diarrhea.  when i'm lazy on the weekends and don't move much, my back will tighten up and i'll have problems.  during the week, i try to take a quick walk around the office every hour or so to keep my back happy.
"Caution: functions as it should".
What situations?  The one where she was raped and/or beaten repeatedly by her father?  Or her struggling to find some semblance of happiness after?
I have a friend who wears an eternity collar 24/7, and I use an eternity wrist cuff as a snugly-fitting 20/7 (Mistress is making me work up to full-time wear) cock ring; I wanted something I could open in case of prolonged erection as there's *no* getting that thing off while I'm hard.  I can attest that even on sensitive naughty bits the closures are so low-profile that you barely feel them, and what you do feel you acclimate to and don't notice within a week or two.  They don't tarnish, they're easy to clean.  If you like the feel of steel I highly recommend them for any appendage you may choose to lock down.
Of course! That's where the best company is. 
Been shaving since 12. I always do it the night before because it makes me feel like shit.
Jitterbug Perfume by Tom Robbins. Weird as hell but one of my favourite books ever!
How is it thoughtless? It is true. When I worked retail, I saw shit like this almost every day. It IS a lot more prevalent in today's society because parents are afraid to step up and be parents.
What exactly did he say when he interrupted you and got in the middle? Honestly, I am impressed by what he did.
Seriously though, if he's your pledge bro, you need to call him out on what he did.
5/10
Pretty good execution, but it could use some work.
I am a 14 year old male... try harder.
Damnit, who invited Buzz Kilington?
EDIT: fuck it, were harvesting. 
So long as the gun is 26 inches or longer when folded, I'd buy 3, just in case.
Donc!  Selon ma formule cul-cul, on parle respectivement de 680 et 2 960 respectivement.  Avant que les mafieux pognent leur cotte bien sûr.
Ouais, pas super luisant.
Je serais du genre à attendre voir ce que les nouveaux trains vont faire, vu qu'ils ont une meilleure capacité.
[Have I got a webcomic for you!](http://www.wastedtalent.ca/)
Especially since it's Jocktober season Monday
I'm American. Are there any ignorant, lazy Pokemon?
WOW!! Reddit is in denial.
Collected empty cigarette boxes from everywhere, cut out all the logos of the brands and glued them to my table. Felt proud and artistic about it until I got sent to the principal's office. 
I was in 9th grade. 
Absolutely, I wish more people were into it! 
Archaeology is essentially systematic destruction. While science can recreate experiments, we have one shot at learning as much as we can - as the act of doing our work (excavating) destroys context. Without context, archaeology is useless.
Work is writing intensive, and extremely thorough. Most envision blasting away with pickaxes, but I'd spend most of the day taking notes, photographs, and measurements.
Only about 40% of the work is done in the field, with the rest of my time being spent cleaning, processing, preserving etc...finds and other data sources. Specialization on site is hard to find - most, for sake of convenience, are the jack of all trades and master of none. We were fortunate enough to have local Bedouin help us this excavation season, but even with the added labourers we did not finish on schedule.
Archaeology does not pay well. In this years two month season, as a field technician ("shovelbum") I didn't make much more than $14 an hour. Many do it for free. I've been lucky enough to be sponsered by ASOR, the American School's of Oriental Research. My flights were *not* covered, but food and lodging was. Many students who participate get scholarships and fellowships from other groups. Specialist positions, such as ceramicists, illustrators or field administrators, often work separate jobs at museums and receive a honorarium for work done on site. 
Archaeology is a tedious, tedious job, but the most fulfilling one I've ever had. You can't really describe the feeling. It's just a beaming satisfaction. If you're into history, do not rule it out. However, the travel lifestyle means the job dictates your life, not the other way around.
If you're interested, [here](http://imgur.com/a/BdmKG) are two pictures from my square during this year's excavation. Note that they have been taken 2 months apart, only digging to a depth of about a metre and a half, tops.
Maybe that's because there are more Democrats than Republicans these days. Lots of reliable Rep voters are identifying as Independent lately because of the Tea Party. 
Chins on chins..getting hard just thinking about it. 
Or, you know, someone who likes puns. My apologies for upsetting you with my username **SirDerpingtonThe3rd**.
The baby beluga that inspired the song died...I have the article cut out :(
Sweet! How much did yours cost?
>They seriously fucked up the mulitplayer so bad I have no doubts that at no point did any of them try and play it.
Lol
You told him no 3 times and he kept doing it. Why didn't you leave?
I really don't think we need to quibble over the exact term.
So now this is a discussion on the validity of someone's supposed coping mechanism?  You're going to cry foul because somebody reacted to new of a death unpredictably?  Really?
In the replay, OP even said "I fly out tomorrow," meaning there isn't necessarily somewhere for him to be in that moment.
play rodgers for one more week then dump him.
"Yeah he was a douchebag to me so I decided to date him" -said no girl worth dating ever.
Harmony Korine.... who hurt you? Who hurt you, man? 
I think it was hinted at that several manifestations of the Emperor were actually good warp entities. This is also true for the angle from the Blood Angels and the Sister of Battle.
On my Mac it's Option+n, n (As in, hit Option and n together, then release those and hit n). Not sure what it is on Windows/Linux.
Your league play 2 QB's or playing a QB at flex?
Because Israel doesn't partake in genocide.  You're the one who is twisted.
Did the morally-adept adults do anything?
You can't sidestep him. 
Well thanks for the advice but if me constantly replying to this thread and getting down-voted to oblivion didn't show you, I really don't care how much karma I have, it was just to counter that dudes point.
That is unless people actually buy accounts with high karma easily.
So if you got a wealthy neighbor next door who enjoys throwing animals from the pet store into woodchippers, just let him do it?  No sanctity for the wellbeing of animals whatsoever?  
The money I get is the federal subsidized loans which happens to be $1167. There is no way I can pay for 15 credits and books which is somewhere between 1700 and 2000 per quarter depending on how expensive the books get. My parents are in a large amount of debt like so many people these days and I don't have a bad job but there is no way in hell I am going to come up with 8 grand a year. The only other options I have are getting married to become independent; joining the army to become independent; or taking out loans that I have to pay interest on while I am in school.
And thats glitching...
You can do this with every solid house in Chernarus.
Regardless, there's a distinction between the [Grampian](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grampian_Fire_and_Rescue_Service) and [Strathclyde](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strathclyde_Fire_and_Rescue) fire and rescue services [until April 2013](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scottish_Fire_and_Rescue_Service).
The OP used a poor choice of words.  He's not attempting to violate the licensing.  He's trying to guarantee that his two main protected devices have priority in the licensing count.
To each their own.
This man smells like the bedpan of an invalid! 
lol. crazy trolls/vikings fans
I hate the Packers but I have a tremendous amount of respect for what they can do. If I was in their position, playing the rivals twice a year for however many years.. i'd probably mix in the respect I had for them, possible bias.
You lost me at "senpai." I really dislike it when English translations leave stuff like that in. The only exception where it's been done decently was FLCL.
http://puu.sh/1adUp
Sry for the Norwegian
Next up on Gravesite Robbers:
If you guys are so concerned about getting keys, just edit the files to give yourself more.
It's literally just changing a single number.
No. I'm not a huge Alex Smith fan, but I'm coming around.
He's the starter. He will be as long as he has a contract.
Kap is good. He's good enough to start for another team. I think if they plan on trading him, they need to show what he can do on the field.
You didn't answer the question.
The only time i've had European tobacco it was smooth as fuck compared to reds
It's definitely an antenna, hard to say what for, though.
Ya know, after seeing these completely baseless and ignorant posts about "atheists on reddit", I have been reading the comment section on some of these posts. Almost every single time, the top comment is *mocking* the stupidity, ignorance, or inaccuracies of the original post.
Don't make stupid comments about "most" of any group, without having any idea if it's true.
Naw man. Don't you ever smash your lips together with your best friend in a totally platonic manner? Isn't that normal? /sarcasm
Like I said then, at least it's not for something weird.
Completely forgot about the big map. Haven't played the games in a while.
Oswald the lucky rabbit, one of my friends like him more than early Mickey, but I can't personally see the difference.
edit: personality wise I mean.
I enjoy vodka, and glitter, boots and boys with beards. Kesha is okay in my book. 
Fuck you, you waste of a human life. It's people like you that make this world a horrible place to live in. You're belittling millions of peoples feelings by stuffing your head in the sand. Just look at some of these reviews, they out right say they enjoyed their relationships:
http://www.amazon.com/The-Trauma-Myth-Children-Aftermath/product-reviews/046501688X/ref=cm_cr_pr_hist_5?ie=UTF8&filterBy=addFiveStar&showViewpoints=0
There is a mountain of empirical evidence that shows that it's not the action that causes the problems, but peoples attitudes towards it after the fact.
Have you even read any of the research I've linked to? Or do you just deny it all as some kind of pedophile conspiracy?
Errumm... I don't need a phone I just wanted to see If my bartering skills were unmatched..
Post again without the stupid title.
True, true.. I was just thinking they'd get a chuckle out of it.
I found it interesting cause he wanted to be a lawyer all his life and then with so little time left he decided to become a comedian instead.
Based on 99% of the anti- Romney articles I have read in this particular sub-reddit,  people will believe anything. 1 way street i suppose.
Thanks. TIL there's the kneel down rule. Could you explain it? What's its origin or the point of this, apart from a time-wasting mechanism?
All Google is giving me is "Buccaneers didn't break any NFL kneel-down rules"
Srry I guess, I don't live in New York. And I didn't even know about it, so there you go, a reason.
Ahhh, the time of the month for this post.
Are you sure your not just talking about Chuck Norris?
This man fought got mauled and killed a bear then was left by his party in the middle of the wilderness he regained consciousness made it back to civilization and killed a wolf while disabled on the way back to seek revenge on those who deserted him http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hugh_Glass 
Your understanding of the Muslim world is woefully inadequate. I'd suggest you go ahead and actually educate yourself before continuing to make sweeping statements about the second largest religion on Earth, and its 1.6 billion followers. Have a nice evening.
They run a bit big.  They only come in whole sizes, like 9 then 10, no 9.5.  I wear a 9.5 normally, but a 10 in DM size.  So, I would say they are roomy, not too big.
WW barbs are now like Perma-SS DHs used to be. Blizz nerfed that to the ground. I wonder when they'll properly nerf this. 
I didn't mean you as in you specifically. I meant you as in anyone.
Was the sarcasm lost on you?
Oops, I was thinking of UCSB which has a reputation as a huge party school even though I'm sure you can get a quality education there too.  My dig was meant to be tongue-in-cheek and followed by a :P
As someone who only played Starcraft 2, how does this compare?
iw sih i eould of not of oosted
your welcome happy i could help
São Paulo has a lot of nice things to do, there is the MASP museum on Av Paulista which is very nice, Ipiranga Park too...(I don't know much about tourist spots as you can see)
Nightlife is amazing, you have lots of options pretty much everyday. What kind of stuff do you like to do? Pubs, restaurants, clubs, it's not hard to find good places to go, I can tell you about some if you are more specific about what you wanna do.
As long you keep in mind you'll be in one of the biggest cities in the world I don't think you have to worry about anything different than you might on NYC, London or the like. 
Stay away from bad neighborhoods, don't go around alone in the middle of the night and stuff like that. 
Where you'll be staying there is also important since it's better to go out closer to where you are (I presume you won't have someone to drive you around and taxis are VERY expensive). 
If you need more info or help answer here and I'll try to see what I can do. 
Looking at a cell phone? Looking out the window? Jacking off? Daydreaming? Fiddling with the radio? Eating a burger? Reaching for something that slid off the seat? There are any number of things the driver could have been doing other than paying attention while he was speeding.
Not only do they look like corn, they taste like asshole sandwiches!
At times like these I appreciate my Spanish understanding.  
Pick any team you want, they put an option to start your cc player no matter the rating.  You have to turn it off if you want to "earn" your spot.
what relly happens at the end of no fap september http://imgur.com/qTOOS
I probably could not resist and would end up buying a set or two. 
D-D-D-DROP THE BASS WA WA WA WA BWAAAAHHHHH.
I'm bored, I'll give it a shot. If drofnasleinad doesn't beat me to it haha
EDIT: Here you go! http://www.reddit.com/r/comeonandslam/comments/10qnxm/as_requested_quad_city_djs_vs_wilhelm_richard/
> I broke her ring finger.... I had a cast 
Whut?
If I was allergic to chocolate, I'd already be in Hell. 
So drugs wouldn't necessarily have to physically exist for a conspiracy charge?
I find you pompous and annoying Adam.
Heheh... Chicago... How bout then Cubbies this year? Lol
lol, fair enough :)
Dammit. I just killed a little Asura trash mob in Guild Wars 2.
Why? It is a good game. It's the best console RTS.
The latest issue from Columbia College Chicago's alumni magazine has him on the cover, and there's a great article about him and his production crew. The guy is pretty amazing (and I didn't realize he went to Columbia, either!)
So, what is your taste in guys, as in what personality traits would you most like in a guy?
The moment when I first saw it, I went like [this.](http://alltheragefaces.com/img/faces/large/annoyed-facepalm-picard-l.png) 
Other people I know laughed, but I was so disgusted and my disbelief so thoroughly shattered that I couldn't even do that.  It absolutely ruined the episode for me.
in 2 years you'll wish you went into music production instead, do that at college instead of ICT hardware
I am too... But the HD collection was done well enough
Id go fuck ur mom when she was 18 lolololol #mastertrol2012 #ufail
We had this science project thing where we collaborated with other schools online. And we had to make a team name and sign, and take a picture of it and put it on the website thing. There were about 5 groups per class, so it wasnt a one class = one group thing. Anyway, our group was our 4 group of immature friends (who thought we were cool) and decided our team name would be Pen 15. Yeah.... it looks like penis. SOO FUNNY. Long story short, we got in trouble for making the sign and taking the pic and having it be posted online.
thats what she said
You're doing it wrong..
You were fantastic. And know what? So was I 
Always bring a banana to a party
Hopefully you going deeper into their stuff means you checked out 80s Rush or else you will be dissapointed in tonights set.. 
I worked there for two years... There is a lot you don't know...
I would much rather be dead than to suffer the way I do every day. 
So it is time for you to fight against other humans. Fear not.
I thought about just posting a link but I figured it had humour as a stand alone comment and, for those who did watch it, it was an easy reference to pick up on.
I know a lot. But I'm 14. Damnit.
DAE REMEBER THESE LE GEMS
When she's better of course! As long as you can meet us at a dog park in Portland :)
Do you think a hammock like [this one](http://www.amazon.com/Strathwood-Portable-Folding-Chocolate-Champagne/dp/B001BSOSDA/ref=sr_1_21?s=lawn-garden&ie=UTF8&qid=1349049984&sr=1-21&keywords=Hammock+Stand) would defeat the purpose? Doubtful there would be much swing with this design.
I told my friend my dick was black... Wait what
Take a drink every time Rory dies.
> They only have to wear a Hejab
That's not any better, in any way.
Yep, insurance and healthcare industry executives.  Unfortunately for Mitt, their political support is hidden by Karl Rove's secretive 501(c)(3) tax entity so no one "knows" they're undermining our Democracy. 
No, you need 8000 soldiers, 1000 to guard each of the ports and another 1000 to back up any port city that has a disturbance.
I salute your experience
I really think she looks a lot like [Daenerys Targaryen](http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110612210749/uncyclopedia/images/e/e3/Daenerys_Targaryen.jpg) from game of thrones.
It's good. But it's time for a new soundcloud avatar. Your pic says, I'm a singer-songwriter who is just out of high school, I'm hoping to be liked because I'm cute. When your music is more, I like to play with guitar tones. You see the discrepancy? 
It's even easier if you use just one finger.
People love his personality, but he is a very mediocre fighter. His take downs looked Freshman High School level, and he has been training for a year. 
On the flip side, he comes to fight and has a great personality so I get why the fans love him. 
Contrary to popular belief, vehicles don't disintegrate when shot down.
I think part of our unknowing is why we continue through the dark. It's interesting, exciting, stimulating. As self harmers, we're all on a journey--whether its to figure out something about ourselves, to recover, or to push our limits--and no matter where we go, we always find ourself again in a cloud of unknowing, but with a new understanding of where we are and where we've been.
"We shall not cease from exploration.
The end of our exploring
Shall be to arrive at the place we started
And know the place for the first time"
T.S. Eliot
I found Einstein's blurb to be the most interesting, "Einstein kept a tomcat named Tiger who tended to get depressed whenever it rained. One acquaintance recalled him saying to the melancholy cat: "I know what's wrong, dear fellow, but I don't know how to turn it off."'
Gives a bit of insight to how his brain worked.
>they are not able to take their fight to you and your family.
They aren't able to anyways. There's a reason they work in small groups, because they can't mount a large enough force to actually do anything remotely impactful on my live except allow my government to continuously strip away civil liberties under the guise of terrorism. If we weren't there to begin with, they couldn't kill us.
Another thing, everything will work out. Anti-depressants don't do dick.
You are naive to think there will be no further changes. As the population grows from the dozens and dozens of countries that DO recognize polygamy, the clamour will begin to legalize it. "After all," they'll say, "You did it for gays."
You truly lack imagination if you cannot see the exact same maudlin, crying bullshit used for them.
"Tonight, on a very special 20/20... Ahmed has three wives... but only one can be covered by his insurance! Who will it be? Hagar, who has been with him since he was 19, aging now, suffering from Krohn's disease and osteoporosis? Zahid, mother of his only son, whose debilitating asthma and allergies make breathing at night a torment? (Cut to Zahid gasping for breath), or young Alisha, expecting their first child while battling juvenile onset diabetes?
Who will Ahmed choose to save in this HEARTRENDING decision?? Who will live?? Who will die?? Tonight... on a 20/20 you will never forget..."
(Cut to someone like you snarling that Americans are all bigots trying to murder Ahmed's wives... ) Legal decision indeed. When people become emotional wrecks like you, the legal argument is "you changed it before, you can do it again." That is called precedent, and you take that and a million crying muslims (championed by a 100,000 stoned young progressives) and you'll find someone has discovered a legal argument in the "penumbra" that will leave late-term abortion advocates gasping in admiration.
You miss the point of that exercise. You found two papers from 10+ year old journals performed on certain groups over a fairly short period of time. I too could find papers that do the same thing supporting the other side. You cannot say with certainty that something is fact without significantly more data and more time. 
You can however apply logic to the situation and form a hypothesis, I respect that, but I feel mine is more valid for this reason: If everyone could pay women 20+% less to perform the exact same job why would anyone hire men?
Yes because a site with richard dawkins in the name and a poll with 1000 people surveyed by phone call is reliable. No thanks.
And sorry I never get upset over an internet conversation with strangers. I'm just bored.
awa is amazing. it was and i do the the pictures. ive been trying to find pictures of me in my salvador cosplay. i found the moxxi but i want to talk to her and let her know how much i wanted to see her and how amazing her cosplay was
OKC and San Antonio haven't been issues while the Clippers are. It's about the fact that Cleveland's owner is a childish moron who will rip you apart in Comics Sans for daring to leave. Why go there **at all** when the owner's got his own ego?
Congratulations!!! You're awesome. I hit 100 pounds lost today as well, it's an absolutely amazing feeling.
As in, you go house hunting, and the realtor shows you this great slightly-over-budget home complete with granite counters, stainless steel appliances and a house full of kids on E
Holy mother of 46kX profit!!!!!!!!!! Instant billionaire
He is wanted for other crimes on his other alts since then. He is actually now banned because he has 2 alts in the end.  I believe all claims need to be resolved before we waste our time busting him out. 
That's cool. I just was wondering what people were paying for him. Not bad, could turn out pretty well.
You know, you've got your head so far up your ass you don't even appreciate the reference. Worst of all, in a thread about California. Go fuck yourself dude.
This is serious. What is your favorite pokemon?
>Rocket stopped the guy who was making it from distributing it:
Why stop it? I can't see how it would help you cheat.
Why, nothing is as smooth as keystone lite. Not even Keith Stone himself ahahaha sorry that was too ridiculous to keep a straight face.
this was on Drinking Made Easy the other week and i was trying to explain it last night to my friend after a fifth of Jameson and i think i sounded like i was trying to explain Romney's budget plan.
Alone Down There. His vocals are so haunting in it. So good.
Has Sarah McLachlan ever actually confirmed that?  Or is this another one of those "Kiss from the Grey" is about cocaine" stories?
Good opinions, good job.
[Real post. No joke.](http://i.imgur.com/KZVdA.png)
I could have sworn it was.
How do you mean exactly? Like "it" and "self" and "ass" and "hole"?
I'd be interesting in hearing an answer to this. I have a few rolls of film (35mm) waiting to be developed, and have been meaning to find a place to do it for quite a while.
Do you actually do your PA thumbs in the way described? I've been taught to internally rotate the hand so the posterior aspect of the thumb is in contact with the cassette; if the patient finds that difficult to do it on a vertical cassette (I do it this way first); and if all else fails to do it the way described in the article.
Well unions are partially to blame too. Just like our government they became bloated and over complicated.  
Actually I don't remember who threw it. The ball actually bounced over the neighbors fence into the pond. Did I mention that I retrieved the ball from that pond twice that day?
The only thing I'm pissed at is flesh eating bacteria
The Cebuano term for "love" is "gugma" but it is awkward to say that to one's students. Gugma is the only Cebuano translation for the word love but it is too romantic (eros); it doesn't convey the friendly/brotherly/sisterly kind of love (philia). It's better to use the word "pinalangga" which means a person who is the object of your care/affection in stead of (philia) love.
So probably the best way to say it is "Palangga nako ang akong mga estudyante".
Yeah. Being a high school student works out well on the weekends.
Creepers and enderman are not scary
Cave spiders and blazes are scary
Atheist can't tell the difference between the law of the Hebrews from Christianity.
It was new years and she thought he was drunk.  Oddly dressed drunk people aren't incredibly rare on New Years.
Memes are no longer suitable for /r/Trees. Please resubmit to /r/See! Thanks
*[I am a bot](http://www.reddit.com/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Ftrees) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It was also the Seahawks.  A team that went 7-9 last year.  If the Packers are that good they should've killed Seattle regardless.
That DOES look like a tight fit. Pick somebody who deserves that!
i do 
But you can never be to sure
Those have to be at least 9 Courics!
So I guess that means /u/qgyh2 *isn't* Adam Savage....
The Giants are almost as good as the Cardinals so hopefully the Eagles and Vick have prepared for this team
Ask and ye shall receive! [CLICK IF YE DARE!](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/109awg/you_thought_the_shoebox_was_bad_my_cousins/)
Call them in, every time. Often *hp goes directly to highway patrol
I finally see the "bird" in the Trans Am/Firebird in the face of this car.  It looks like a hawk with a devilish grin.
The original Deus Ex and Max Payne.
Because it's in your ass.  
Here's our Facebook page if you care to stay updated:
[http://www.facebook.com/rebeldiscophx](http://www.facebook.com/rebeldiscophx)
Our next headliner will be Cosmic Kids on Halloween night: [http://www.facebook.com/events/420285801361309/?fref=ts](http://www.facebook.com/events/420285801361309/?fref=ts)
Now, what did the priest do to you?
[The Innova Factory Store](http://proshop.innovadiscs.com/factory-second-st-shark.html) is your friend.
I usually tell my wife what I'm going through.  She's very understanding and reminds me of what I went through.  If she's not around, I work on/fly my R/C helicopters.  Other times I eat.  My job helps, because I really what I do.  Hiking.  We live right next to crowders mountain, and they have a really awesome trail going up.  Sometimes I just spend time at home with the wife, watching movies and talking.
So really, I guess the best answer is just staying busy.  It's when I get bored that I find that I have the most desire to use.
But with the lifestyle I live now, boredom really isn't a problem anymore.  But if it does become a problem again, I have the means to deal with it.  
Sometimes they are equally awesome.
That's what we're doing - slowly removing only part of the ring every week or two. I think the cats lost a bit of confidence after the most recent half removal when they misjudged a step and slipped in. =/ Now neither of them wants to poop in the toilet. *le sigh*
As a fan of the Orioles, I want to see the Angels lose.
As a fan of exciting Major League Baseball, I want to see the Angels win and leave the Rangers only 1 game ahead of Oakland with a 3-game series between them to end the season... and us tied with the Yankees and Rangers for #1 seed in the AL.
One the first days in school I was in the library chilling with my brony shirt. Then as I'm about to leave this mentally handicapped kid comes up to me and says "So your a brony huh? Me and my brother know something about bronies." to which i responded "Cool." After a while he comes up to me and says "Can I tell you a secret?. I'm a brony." without hesitation I gave him a brohoof and I am proud. I think I am this kids only friend in school. I regularly talk to him about the show and he is actually a pretty cool guy.
The idea of shadows and anonymity is REALLY apparent in the second heist where Neil backs into the shadows, but the police surveillance have him on thermal cameras.
Heat is my favourite movie of all time, can we please talk about Heat more?
I like to give blowjob related tarot card readings.
I don't drain the liquid from the can of beans - if you do, add as much beer or other flavorful liquid.
On camera, it seems that you and Jamie have a great relationship. Is it true that outside of the show, the two of you aren't the best of friends? 
Clearly your roommate was one of the three of us who actually saw the movie "Honey".
Parce que vivre au Québec, c'est plus que juste des considérations financière sur moins de 5% de ton budget.
Not sure if I'm just old, but I need a translator for this one.
well, it you can go as far as linking accounts to facebook or something like that. it's just an idea as to improve matchmaking. can you spare any?
That is so cool!
As I said, I know how the ro16 went. After saying this I explain why his beating Taeja in the r016 doesn't obviate Taeja's being a favorite against Rain. Please read the post.
In his ro16 group, I think that Taeja prepared primarily for Polt and DRG.
Sounded awesome, but I've never been a big fan of that screaming noise. Still listened to the whole thing, though. :) Nice.
Maybe she was just too drunk to laugh?
I don't like the way bdus look, I prefer a post-apocalyptic look. Just because a lot of people like bdu's doesn't mean everyone *has* to wear them. I prefer wearing jeans. If people want to hate on me for that, then that's their problem, but don't come to me saying I have to buy a stupid pair of pants because *you* prefer it that way. 
God I feel like I'm explaining personal choice to petty man-children. 
Sandwiches and blow jobs.
Thank you for the kind offer, but your explanation below was actually quite good. I'm sure that will be more than enough already.
Skip forward to when they had made better time machines.
Looks like her shadow caused an overcast at the beach.
swift kicks to the face for the pair of them 
I recommend the Library of Babel. My friend told me about it when he had to write a paper on ideas from it and it really made me think. I got it and read it. It is really thought-provoking. (Hell, I'm sure r/atheism might get a kick out of it too)
It's fucking winter. *grumble grumble*
Just imagine Syndra whipping Pokeballs at people, and her ult could unleash whatever's inside them, ala Smash Brothers. Who wouldn't want to drop a Snorlax on Nidalee?
why does his name ring a bell? wasn't he in snooby doo right? 
The repairing in Oblivion was an easy way to level up smithing. You could use a "Damage Armor - Self" spell for 1 point of damage and then repair that over and over again. Spellcrafting was so useful in that game. I used a personality spell on merchants and a mercantile buff on myself. They only lasted a few seconds for magicka limitations, but time froze. So many uses!
Ha! I also used the shoe strategy, great minds think alike.
you do realize Asia has the highest number of LoL players out of any continent.... OGN final on cable viewer count alone was higher than any lol tournament to date. Then there is China with its insane population where LoL is in the top 5 played games.... yea sure hard to hype
I don't get it. What's wrong with *Mega Sting*?
Oh look, a girl.
Wow.
I thought I had seen your name before, so I looked at your submission history. 3 IdrA hate posts in 2 days, not too shabby.  
If you dislike him, why are you wasting your life taking screenshots of his match history? And I assume you were watching his stream, or else how would you know he lost to CombatEX (though maybe you found out another way, IDK.)  
You're a sad, strange little man, and you have my pity.
You could also talk to your friends, tell them you don't want that guy to be invited to your gatherings because he constantly harasses you. Good luck!
I'm going to need to see his birth certificate.
Dude, I reek of fanboy. I only saw 5 minutes of Elementary and hated it months ago just after watching its trailers.
But isn't this what the internet is for? To spread my uneducated and bias opinions about things I hate? PS3 vs Xbox 360 ANYONE???
I clicked this without looking at the title and ended up thoroughly confused.
Na I don't want to harass her.
Well, I was the only 7 year old who knew everything about sex. Mainly the good parts....which is a lot. And all the kids there thought I was disgusting. Now, they're all like "Ohh...so it is good." and I'm like "Fuck you guys for calling me that shit.....Sluts." All the girls who called me perverted became sluts. Oh how the cookie crumbles..in milk.
Did anyone tell the principal that the US isn't a "race"?
Yeah they are comfortable but after 10 or more hours they start to dig into my lower belly and it gets uncomfortable. I am really excited and can not wait to order my first pair. 
Needs LAN results before any claims can be made
Be sure that your roommates are on-board for good security, or any work you do will be for naught.
It was a real bird, either an emu or more likely a crane, according to snopes.
Both. The short-term day-to-day accomplishments contribute to my long term goals. 
I was farming on my Death Knight, not my druid. :3
It needs to be made federally illegal. Parents are already paying strangers to forcibly load their children into vehicles and drive them great distances in order to torture them; they will not blanch at having them cross state lines as well.
I THINK HE GOT RAPED BY THE THING AND DIED srry just realized i was in caps and to bored to erase it
I already made one
http://open.spotify.com/user/outofexilefp/playlist/1NEyo97JUtEHo4O3OdKR7t
Guess it didn't get much exposure because they were usually posted in the next playlist's thread and there wasn't a new one yet
I think there is something there. Do you have a running dialog with a doctor yet? How much do these tendencies disrupt your life? 
how do you mean ... ?
Well if the original plan was to keep them as hostages then they would have to protect them. Hostages tend to lose effectiveness if they die.
Sir, Spirited Away is probably my favourite movie. My respect for you has grown greatly.
I am simultaneously amused and disgusted by the fact that she calls cyclists self-righteous while she rants about how much she hates them and how they're causing her a disservice of some sort.
I felt bad for the bear, looked like a dog that just got caught doing something it wasn't supposed to.
The Enlightened have no use for your heathen maths. 
The sheep according to the wiki are 1.4 blocks long, and since they don't turn black this would suggest to me that they don't even go 'through' any of the blocks. Whether there would be an issue if they were say 1.51 blocks long, or whether an issue would present itself only if they were 2+ blocks long is yet to be determined. And yes, they could always go in sideways. 
anything by chuck palahniuk
you could try in the big shopping centers. Pretty sure the one in Chermside is open...
[Jaguars mascot making an impressive catch](http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/1467545/jagswag.gif)
Shogun 2 for Civ V, Alan Wake Franchise, or Crysis 2 ME?
Or steam, glorious beautiful steam. 
It's a lot more complicated than that. Sometimes leather shoes are too much and you just want a simple canvas sneaker. Even when in a semi-formal environment, it's not as simple as that, you want to avoid bicycle stitching too, and probably moc-toes if you're trying to dress up. You want to keep it simpler and more "classic" the more formal you are dressing and reserve modern designs strictly to casual use, or in the case of dress shoe/sneaker hybrids, square toes, and bicycle toes, just don't wear them at all, ever.
So yeah, it's not that simple. You tell that to the average fashion newbie and they'll somehow pick out the ugliest pair of unbranded leather shoes they can find.
here is a similar one where [shepard](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6QBqCNuB3g&list=UUVrzJgr9BLZqd8AlBfmuthw&index=0&feature=plcp) is really mad
Did you not watch the game today?
I did test it in between as well, I just wasn't aware of the problem since it never happened before. I'm not saying they have short lives, I just said it happened for some reason. Maybe I screwed with the pins, maybe it shorted or smth. The quality is amazing and it tops the rode lav because in addition to getting nice crisp sound from the person wearing it you also get nice sound from people surrounding them. I do recommend a pinmic+lavalier setup, just in case you need either more than the other one. I love my H1 because it can record 99hours on a card and ~30 on a battery. No interference, it's nicely backed up and it costs 99$ per unit. It would be nice to monitor the sound, yes, but what about quick setup? I usually just pop those on the speakers and I'm all done with audio in about 4 minutes. And I'm a freak about audio. My full audio setup is H4-n, 5x H1, 2x videomic pro, 2xpinmic + rode lav, ntg-2 + boom + blimp. The audio is always the second best thing in my video productions.
IT'S SO FLUFFY!!!! No but seriously what is it like having a chinhilla? Like maintenance, their demeanor, etc.
Dunno why you're getting downvoted. I think it's because of your grammar. But I understand.
People assume you are kind and trustworthy, have no problem with women and you aren't awkward because you're good looking.
Yeah, they cost more than other brands. The reason is the build quality. Their apparel simply lasts much longer than other yoga-related brands.
If you think it's just a fad she's going through, then it's safe to look elsewhere. But if you think she'll still be doing yoga five years from now, then chances are she'd still be able to wear the lululemon you got her today. I can't say the same for other brands; the material doesn't feel like it'll last more than a year or two under regular use.
Sorry. I'm on Reddit [a lot](http://www.aoltv.com/2011/07/22/louis-c-k-explains-to-his-daughters-that-huckleberry-finn-is-a/).
Coño, esa gente si me molesta. Los que simplemente aceptan que nada se puede hacer. La actitud derrotista es simplemente patetica. Que importa si tu crees que no cambiara nada, tu mismo no ayudas cuando no puedes ni cambiarte a ti mismo. Sinceramente me molesta porque ese tipo de gente es la que mas se queja de todo lo malo, pero no hace nada al respecto. No vota por Chavez porque nos trajo hasta aqui pero no vota por Capriles/Maria Bolivar/Otro Candidato solo porque el no cambiara nada. Que eres tu, pitonisa? 
Y que importa si Chavez no entrega el trono o si los militares no lo fuerzan a entregarlo? Igual quedaria en record que ya el no es el presidente elegido por Venezuela, y eso importa.
Suerte con tu mision. Yo personalmente trate de convencer a un primo chavista y te podras imaginar.
Ask any of your friends if they knit. It's a very simple pattern and can be done in a day to two.
TOBS Sandalwood in particular has been reported to cause irritation in sensitive skin types.
Gif request for Desean's punt return. Thanks guys.
Ima guess about 12 
wth? why arent they all hole in the wall taco joints?... this is not true by far.
I paid my way through university and I agree with the other poster.
You should read [this book](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mistakes_Were_Made_%28But_Not_by_Me%29) that will open your mind a little bit.
Stop focusing on how the farmer family is 'cheating the system'. Bring it up to your local representative, make your vote count. 
Get out of debt and move on with life. The more we pity ourselves, the most obstacles we create.
Do you guys go front to back, or back to front?
One strapping the backpack was definitely a way to look cooler. The kids with two straps on were practically burned at the stake. 
Fair enough, I guess it was just a bad experience. The guy was such an idiot. On another note I did once see a fight where dawn broke just as solstice charged in, he ran like hell after that xD
LOL looks like a font for some obscure black metal band. 
This submission has been removed. /r/Guildwars2 does not allow direct links to images, please [re-post your link as a self-post with some information](http://www.reddit.com/r/Guildwars2/submit?selftext=true).
If you are attempting to post an image meme or anything similar, please instead post it to /r/Guildwars2funny.
*[I am a bot](http://www.reddit.com/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FGuildwars2) if you have any questions or concerns.*
All I know is EJO said The Plan was not the last film.
Could someone please make this 150x150 for me? I'm on my Ipod so I can't do that right now. :-/
Yeah, it took me awhile but I think I got it dialed in. You can actually toggle between the TouchWiz interface and Nova in terms of overall look and feel. The only problem is, seemingly, when you go from TouchWiz back to Nova it wants to carry over some of the widgets (regardless of whether or not you've replaced them in the Nova UI). 
Whoa. I did almost this exact same thing... I braided two very teenie tiny braids with the front two pieces of my hair. They were so small that I couldn't undo them. So I did what any other jackass kid would do. I cut them off, and shaved what was left of the hair. 
Think: reverse widows peak.
the real objetive of makiwara is to develop bone micro fractures. 
therefore is useless to a small kid, as they are not training to become warriors, but to become a good person  
That's OK.  I don't need to feel any more inadequate.  :)
Is this sign-up or show-up?
Why not? As a society, we do this all the time. A restaurant owner can serve whatever kind of food he/she wants, so long as they follow the health code. Contractors must build to suit the building code. Doctor's can't euthanize their patients. Teachers must follow standards. Its not uncommon to place stipulations on licensed professionals. A license is just a legal permit to practice a certain job, not a free pass to do whatever you want at said job.
I'll go ahead and be the geek who points out that you've watched "They Live"
I didn't want to be condescending, which is ironic given my username :)
(plugs in mic...)
I feel it's all subjective. I personally love Scarsick but I can see why others disagree.
Rate your co-hosts out of 10. (not personality, hotness)
Holy shit! What, does this country live in 1600's?
Thank you so much :0!  
I wish I was capable of pushing out of my comfort zone, I suck at drawing anything other than girl or adorable. But I've been trying sort of! I've totally been art blocked recently and can't seem to push out of this weird ... familiar zone.  
RAMBLERAMBLE ANYWAY THANK YOU!
My dA and tumblr are both nikkified, but I don't update much. Been trying to update my tumblr more often though, sort of working!
Or you just gotta own [this backpack](http://img515.imageshack.us/img515/5905/36af1lp6.jpg) from the gap.
........ Elizabeth Greene's building sized monster form (prototype). I'd shoot myself. 
Pretty much this. If I am thinking about pulling a scam and the only consequence I have to worry about is having to pay the money back and community service, I am going to scam people.
That said. I think a month in jail would of been enough.
I want to see what happened to make this guy react like that.
I was there last month and enjoyed it.  I'm wondering if the MM in Savannah GA does the same, but haven't been by there yet.
What's even darker is that the kid that tags along with him has already lost one father figure and they've bonded. By the end of the movie Mr. Frederickson shows up to his button awarding ceremony and you know he's going to die soon. So that kid is going to lose 2 father figures in a short period of time. And they dog dies too probably.
FUCK. THE. GIANTS.
GO EAGLES!
Uhhh... babe. Definite, total babe.
Just go to Starwars.com they always have the newest episodes and thats how I watch mine. No commercials :)
Thanks for describing my old science teachers. 
Really? There sure is a lot of work involved. 
yeeaauuhh more atrak! http://gifctrl.com/8c
You-you started Vick for FF? Even I know he's gonna turn the ball over at least twice!
Don't live for yourself. The human race has many millennia ahead of it if we do things right. Your little bit helps. Live for those you love, and live for those you will never meet, knowing that you and your loved ones are no more special than they are.
Finally, live today. All you ever experience is the here-and-now. The future hasn't occurred, and won't happen the way you think it might, and the past is simply events that have already taken place. Live today, being conscious of what needs to be done to make tomorrow good, and motivated by the mistakes of yesterday. 
Getting [Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com/) and giving me and him tags in completely different colors might help.
I recommend a big red 'Shit Emperor' tag for Violentacrez, it's what I have him tagged as.
As for what mine should be...I'll leave that up to you.  A fuchsia 'SRS' tag, a big lime green "Not Violentacrez" tag, whatever.
This brought me so much laughter. Thank you
Thank you for this - also incredibly helpful. I *have* been rejected before, but when it comes from this emotional place with a history, it hurts a lot more than just a purely sexual rejection. 
I feel like you did this sentence wrong
And he's totally serious about it, too. He goes on to explain that the evidence for Christianity is "overwhelming" and "indisputable" I wouldn't mind so much, but my poor younger sister is completely taken in, as she was raised in a strict Christian household, and hasn't yet learned to view her thoughts critically. 
This is what passes for logical analysis in the Christian community, folks - start with the premise that the Bible is correct, and everything else follows from there, no exceptions.
Which is something Google Maps has done for years without also screwing up huge swaths of maps.
Wow. Never thought of trying to one-up them. Thing is, I think I just get annoyed when people lie because they see that the group's attention is being drawn to something else. Example:
Friend 1: "I just got engaged!"
Friend 2: "I was engaged once! You guys don't know him though. Wanna hear how it happened?" 
Gonna be sore tomorrow...
It's probably a generic filename called desktop.jpg or something. It's the system file that gets overwritten when you save a picture as background image
You can get licensed in both areas? I had no idea! I thought it was one or the other. Who knew!
Find someone who is attractive, friendly, and is the kind of person you could live with without them driving you insane.
Ignited/smote empty air. Flash goes on F, obviously. 
I may go to tech! Just applied recently
Ok, this clears things up - I didn't realize this was old news.
If I remember correctly, IIRC.
Don't worry, you can still shove all the brainwashing down your child's throat you want about how they're sick and need to be cured of their homosexuality. It's only professionals who are supposed to help people that can't do it. You're still free to fuck up your child's life.
Ball don't lie.. ain't that *The Truth*
Countless, but I write what I want to say as if I were saying it aloud. If I want to write formally, I try not to use contractions, but informally, I use them all the time. If I comment on a Facebook status, I want to convey an informal dialog, so I'll use contractions. If I compose a business email, however, I most likely will not. 
The point is, in some people's minds, "of"="'ve", but "of"≠"have" even though "'ve"="have." Sure, "must've" and "must have" mean the same thing, but they are spoken and written differently, and that is why I consider "must of" one wrong word.
The voice makes it all.
Amen.  Don't understand when other people say "it changed my life and reflexes for the better"
I notice no difference.  It is just a video game.
Often they copy the image titles too, in ways that can make the content seem theirs sometimes (like "I took this photo of ___") which is one thing people dislike about them.
One in Vienna, too. (La Boule does it every monday)
this bar is really terrible. lotta financial types. 
No need to be a dick agnusdei.
Well, I'm sold. Love the artwork. 
if it's a double extractor trick I would assume you would overlord on 12.  Otherwise, what's the point?
York Uni does this 2. 
GO TO THE FUCKING HOSPITAL OH GOD PLEASE, YOU WILL NOT REGRET GOING.
2 words: Rage Mage. Using the Beserker as a base, and replacing the hunter skill tree with a mix of spells from the embermage's Inferno and Storm tree. It'd be badass.
im pretty sure kfc has a thanksgiving dinner
Nobody does this? I'm one guy, stating I've done this, and will continue to do so, because I was once stuck in a shitty spot with my hazards on and a kind Latin gentleman did the same for me. So sure, nobody does this, except for myself and the guy who inspired me to do the same.
Pull up next to them? Although he had openings to pass the guy you can not say there were the same openings to block two lanes off traffic even momentarily to open a nice chat from the side. Even had he done that, judging by the guy's reaction of "I'm being car jacked! FUCK YOU!" who's to say he would have been any nicer at the window?
These paranoid delusional assumptions that are being made without at least considering the inverse are just trite and stupid. You can't even see past your stupid notion of "Live and let live" the idea that maybe the truck driver was taking into account the size of his vehicle in comparison to the little car with hazards to help protect it.
Just because you see someone in need and go "Not my problem" doesn't mean others do, and sure as hell does not mean the rest of the world does. Judging from the way you three have talked, I'd find it a safe bet that one could never count on your aid if needed.
"gosh, those crazy muslims are despicable, they sure stir themselves into a violent frenzy without any reasonable provocation."
"yeah, we should get mad at them without bringing any context into the equation."
"hell yeah. Just to be clear, though, we're the reasonable ones."
"oh, totally. Fuck islam, man."
I have SD cards that are 32 GB each, and a little case that can fit four. Surely that would be smaller than an external hard drive. If you don't feel the need to upload them immediately, just go to an internet cafe when possible. 
Rower checking in. It's all in the quads ;)
This makes this post so sad now :(
Not enough for the frontpage though...
i wasnt going to post this until koob just made my day
I don't think it's a big deal that it was one the news.
It's the news, it's real life, and that's what's going on.
Maybe people just shouldn't let their little children watch police chases and shoot outs.
I used to take Ortho Tri Cyclen until it gave me nausea and would sometimes make me throw up. I switched to a single stage type of pill (Yasmin then the generic version) and have only had nausea about once or twice in the many years I've taken it, but that was when I would take it for a few days in a row on an empty stomach and not eat anything after. So as long as I don't take my pill and forget to eat right before or after I don't have a problem. So many if changing your pill taking time or eating habits doesn't change the problem, you might want to try another pill.
It should be "totes MacGotes" (so it rhymes, like a McDonald's sandwich made from goatmeat... which, incidentally, is delicious).
African American culture. It's amazing how they're so fast and still disregard right and wrong! Oh wait, that's not being "fast", that's just being sloppy and careless.
This is the epitome of a sad person. Maybe it's so sad it went full 180 degrees and becomes legendary instead.
As someone who has to list his race as "other" on official documents, I would say people in general have a problem with really wanting to categorize everything around them into nice neat little sections, while most things are more than just "black and white."
Yep. I know my local Woolworths at Camp Hill is.
I would assume that the rest are as well.
love me some candy corn!! my dad just bought some caramel apple candy corns....INSANEEEEEEEEEEEEE
If there are any redditor's in San Diego, there's the [tipsy crow](http://thetipsycrow.com) that does this as well.  It's called the "Drink Exchange" and the deals are not that bad, especially right after the computer crashes and everything resets. :)
Did you do it on your hand? If so... I think you might be my best friend...
I've still to talk what I'm doing over with my supervisors so its still early days. Relatively early days.
It's all good man. I can definitely agree that what Hankins did wasn't clean either. 
for trying to mash together the best edm subgenre with the worst one, you certainly got complextro down pat. 
>tagged madeon
yeah i see it
>tagged justice
>tagged daft punk
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I WOULD LIKE SOME OF WHAT U R SMOQUING
Cool, yeah that's what I usually do if I'm at a show and unprepared. 
I go away for 24 hours and... hmm.... almost daily.... 
just get two belts and strap them around your shoulders 
I figured that post would show up on here when i saw it. 
A ( full grown? ) man getting so frustrated with trying to draw, he had to lay down and count to three. 
EDIT: it sounds ridiculous 
Why dont you just takes the warnings advice and switch to the more safe function call? Also, in the future, just post your whole code.
>Every **USasian** country has those sorts of people
FTFY. In the civilised world, these people are shunned, ostracised, and thrown in jail.
Virginia represent! YAY! Charlottesville here!
So he finally heard one of his own songs.
We just told ourselves it was a dream because we couldn't handle it if they never mentioned that scene again.
It is soo simple! I just downloaded p:m and it took no time at all.
*2 pairs
EDIT: I am a silly goose.
Oh God you just brought back so many feels from my Strongbad watchin' days. 
[PCPartPicker part list](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/h0kd) / [Price breakdown by merchant](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/h0kd/by_merchant/) / [Benchmarks](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/h0kd/benchmarks/)
Type|Item|Price
:----|:----|:----
**CPU** | [Intel Core i5-3570K 3.4GHz Quad-Core Processor](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80637i53570k) | $189.99 @ Microcenter 
**Motherboard** | [MSI Z77A-GD65 ATX  LGA1155 Motherboard](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/msi-motherboard-z77agd65) | $154.99 @ Amazon 
**Memory** | [Kingston 8GB (2 x 4GB) DDR3-1866 Memory](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/kingston-memory-khx1866c9d3k28gx) | $49.99 @ Newegg 
**Storage** | [Seagate Barracuda 1TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/seagate-internal-hard-drive-st31000524as) | $85.88 @ NCIX US 
**Video Card** | [MSI GeForce GTX 660 Ti 2GB Video Card](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/msi-video-card-n660tipe2gd5oc) | $299.99 @ NCIX US 
**Case** | [Azza CSAZ-1000 ATX Full Tower Case](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/azza-case-csaz1000) | $89.98 @ NCIX US 
**Power Supply** | [Cooler Master GX 650W 80 PLUS Certified ATX12V Power Supply](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cooler-master-power-supply-rs650acaae3us) | $61.99 @ SuperBiiz 
**Optical Drive** | [Lite-On IHBS112-04 Blu-Ray/DVD/CD Writer](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/lite-on-optical-drive-ihbs11204) | $72.98 @ Newegg 
**Monitor** | [Asus VS238H-P 23.0" Monitor](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/asus-monitor-vs238hp) | $155.68 @ Amazon 
**Operating System** | [Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium SP1 (64-bit)](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/microsoft-os-gfc02050) | $91.04 @ Amazon 
**Keyboard** | [AZIO Levetron Wired Gaming Keyboard](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/azio-keyboard-kb555u) | $41.19 @ NCIX US 
**Mouse** | [Logitech G300 Wired Optical Mouse](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/logitech-mouse-910002358) | $30.66 @ Amazon 
 | | **Total**
 | Prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when available. | $1324.36
This build is much cheaper and has shittier parts but it will not get the job done
I sold food and Pokemon cards. Then my elementary school principal made me stop because selling things in school was a form of "gambling" and was against the rules. Then it became a black market.
I absolutely loved Ender's game, but never got around to getting the other books. I really need to. 
I like it better as a turd anyway. Thank you Daisy.
I lol'd. At work. Thanks.
Nah mate, you're 100% right.  My first Glastonbury was in '86 I think, it was 12 quid if I remember correctly, but at least 10% of the punters just walked in.  Now it's like bleeding Fort Knox.
Danielles turned me on the most. 
Her laughing and smiling are infectious. 
http://youtu.be/nEx2zQ_0Inc
Quite a few people from my highschool came from there, always nice to see how small the world is :)
So Germany bails out Europe again :D to win the Ryder cup
Says video is private.
What Is The Worst Customer You've Ever Come Upon On?
I agree, humans desperately need to be culled.
In case it wasn't clear, with no predators keeping the population in check humans are well on track to overpopulate until there's not enough food and they starve themselves to death. As person92000 pointed out, the best thing to do for the environment in this situation is to cull some of the human population. There is no better species than humans that fit his description. 
do get back to me/us, although i cant really help much, i want to help as much as i can
Auburn's losses have all been against ranked teams.  1-3 never feels good, but there are a lot of good teams that would go 1-3 against that opening schedule.
What do you want? You say you need help with making a profile, but then say you deleted it. You want to make a new profile? Okay. You say you didn't like the guides you looked at, have you checked the sidebar? There is some helpful info there.
>Also, any help on how to contact girls would be MUCH appreciated.
Send a message that is a few sentences. Keep it short and sweet, don't obsess over one girl.
Because I don't like dancing.
I expressed into a cloth diaper when I got too full at night. Didn't have to get out of bed and I could just throw it in the wash the next day.
;)- a little tounge for u
I'm looking forward to feeling that sense of adventure that AC2 had again. The kind you can only really feel with a new protagonist's life in a new country and time period.
The thing I'm least looking forwards to, I would have to say, would be the collectables. Hopefully they can make them have an interesting part in the side-story like AC2's Codex pages, rather than anything like the flags.
Well, since this was Biff's (Peter?) first crime against Amazonia (burning the jungle) he has the right to a Trial by Combat to determine his fate.  If he wins, the charges of Amazonia will be dropped.  Due to the amount of damage caused to the jungle, if he loses he will have to pay restitutions of at least 64 jungle saplings (NOT harvested from Amazonia), and either help clear out burned sections of the jungle so I can regrow it, or pay an additional 64 jungle saplings and 4 stacks of leaves (either oak or jungle will suffice).
If you can't convince Biff to come to his trial by combat, we can recieve these reparations from you, but he will be forever banned from Amazonia.
Again, all this is just Amazonia, I'll have to inquire about Biff's other charges.
It was debunked. [Source.](http://www.snopes.com/movies/films/ozsuicide.asp)
Just imagine if you actually **do** write this to someone that is driving... And they actually do crash. I could see myself doing that. 
crashed for me while uploading tile set
my tile set is 1024x1024x32bit png also the tiles are 16x16 but have a 1 pixel border
so I'd need to be able to specify a margin on the tiles
Hazel hair, eyes, very petite, but nice and funny.
i too have started christmas stuff!  trying to get it out of the way so i can spend black friday buying things for yours truly hahaha :D  nothing important this week...just my birf-day!  haha.  and work.  all i do is work lately!
I'm Central, so I'm watching it now. I saw the torrent on iptorrents, but decided to wait
Yes CLC's are loud but a pack of quiet high performance static pressure fans from corsair will cost you 25 bucks.
Feautres: Digital power engine to regulate power, 3D bios, 3D power, easy IRST, 2 BIOSs, plus almost anything else you would want.
Agreed and rendering barely uses more than 8GBs.
7970s aren't very power efficient or just have more stuff in them than the 680 so they require more power.
My friend took a huge peice of sugar glass to school and we recorded us shattering it on some kids head
> A year later we were in the Bahamas punching sharks.
Suck on that, Putin.
Maintain a neutral wrist when benching. Push with the heel of your hand.
One Day by David Nicholls
The Time Traveler's Wife by Audrey Niffenegger
Got some merino socks... oh man they're awesome.
No cc? That's true.  Very weak sustain? She can heal more than soraka in any given amount of time, not counting soraka's ult (her heal is a little more than half of soraka's but on half the cooldown) plus, it gives an attack speed buff, which scales great into lategame.  Weak damage? She has perhaps the best poke of any support...dealing a maximum base of 575 damage at level 5, plus good ap scaling, which is important since most nid supports build ap.  Useless ult? Well, yes and no, she may not have some crazy cc ult but you have to remember that characters are built with entire movesets in mind, you cant just compare one champs single skill to another and conclude one of them is useless, you must look at them holistically.  Also, her ult gives her access to 3 new abilities, something those other champs can't say. Plus, she has great utility with her traps.  She might not work with all champs or all comps, but no champ does, and to say that she is useless because of that is illogical. 
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: At least he won something.
>Meme: Bad Luck Brian
>* RECEIVES AWARD
>* DARWIN
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r56a8.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/fYGyq)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||RECEIVES+AWARD+-+DARWIN)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
I've changed them. I just thought the shorter urls would look nicer.
is that an M5 behind it?
Try riding down Chapel St. If you don't want a helmet for that you're fucking crazy.
If you want people to ride you've got to rezone the roads like Copenhagen so that there's a bike land between the footpath and parked cars.
really regret trading him for jamal charels huge mistake. I thought my Rodgers and Jennings combo would be awesome, but huge fail
No. I've seen her just getting up from bed. She's gorgeous.
A week ago or so I ;posted about this problem I was having with one of my plants. What struck me about it was that only the plant in the container of this strain (2 other identical clones were planted in the ground) is having this problem and it IS noticeable in the size of the buds between them.
So far we have treated with Nitrogen and Calmag on two separate occasions and the problem seems to be progressing.
the runoff PH is 6.8 and tested on multiple occasions after watering.
The shot of the entire plant may not be clear enough but essentially this seems to be happening on the lower and middle leaves and upon closer inspection seems to be mostly the lower fan leaves on each branch.
Any advice would be welcome
We have been debating between the two of us to just juice the shit out of her and see if she will recover but we don't want to mess her up worse.
As someone who's lived in the Bible belt all my life I think he's actually somewhat right. I'd say at least half of the people where I live wouldn't want to arrest someone over speech. 
haha sorry to be useless, I sail in Wisconsin where it's always cold. I just don't know much about wetsuits. But as the other poster said there are some really warm scuba wetsuits. 
His looks a bit darker too. But thanks. 
Destruction magic is fine just don't go burning down any buildings.
i hated both of them 
Maybe you're having a stroke. drive Get hospital to the to you someone.
Maybe they're ignoring the parts where he fellates the banks, sells out the poor, and continues wars of aggression?
EDIT: Well, of course that's what they're doing. That's what they do with the real life Obama as well. :|
As a Bangladeshi, I agree. There's a term in in Bangla: *"Baekar"*
It mean's unemployed, lowlife, loser, idiot. Give you a hint, they're VERY common in Bangladesh. When people have to work or go to school, this sort of shit doesn't happen. BD is a corrupt, largely uneducated, shithole.
I am so sad that I missed that.
why it was filmed is incidental, that it was filmed is the point.
but where are the kitten pictures?
That's what she said.
I think he's always Hyde. Seems like they avoid trying to make difficult throws in some situations. Some of his tosses are so inaccurate you can just feel Stevie getting pissed at Fitz.
Its exactly what it sounds like. Longer period of time though I do believe. If you view it, one more drink isnt going to help
I disagree. I think some of the best stories out there have been in Western RPGs. Planescape: Torment is probably my favorite, and it has a pretty sizable cult following. For OP, I'd also recommend KOTOR 1 & 2. (These are all older PC games; hopefully that's not a dealbreaker.)
I could tell you the FPS of my game while playing it; I've gotten used to distinguishing between completely smooth >60 frames and the almost imperceptibly choppy 45. I can't stand it for the faster paced games like BF3, especially when I'm playing in matches. 
When I installed my SSD, I saw my frames jump from 50 average (SD 10) to 70 average (SD 5). My infantry-based scores immediately jumped as I started to win the snap engagements. In close quarters, the guy who lands the first shot will end up winning 80% of the time; that's the difference between the ability to flank an entire squad or straight out dying when moving up. Note that this information was determined with render.drawfps, which reports FPS in realtime.
I will blame my tools if I know what the framerate is and how that affects the way I play the game. 
[I most certainly do not play poorly in any battle.](http://battlelog.battlefield.com/bf3/soldier/SpectreFTL/stats/226172223/) I played in cash tournaments with my tiny clan.
Want to look at that...well that is just awkward transition
No opinion about your glasses, but you look like Louis CK before your life went to shit.
The economy as a whole, is pretty much out of your control. Yes, I can understand worrying about personal economics, but there's really no point worrying about macroeconomics. 
This is bullshit...but really good bullshit. like, if i was gonna invest in some bullshit, I'd choose this.
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: So This Was On r/Islam...
>Meme: The Most Interesting Man In The World
>* I DON'T ALWAYS DRINK BEER
>* BUT WHEN I DO, I DON'T
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r564g.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/eU0sZ)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||I+DON%27T+ALWAYS+DRINK+BEER+-+BUT+WHEN+I+DO%2C+I+DON%27T)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
i was thrown off by the euro symbol. i wasn't sure if this was the european/english way of spelling refund.
Before we start, nobody cares about your fantasy team.
Wow. You and TJ really rocked it.
Rule 1: The Doctor lies.
There's also no reason the Doctor can't be lied to. River Song put that chapter heading in a book because she knows it's in the book. It doesn't necessarily make it so. The only evidence we have that this is their last meeting is because the book says so.
If 1938 is blocked off, go to 1937 and hang out for a year or so. Or 1939. Or 1972, or... How far is this 'nogo zone' for New York 1938 extending, temporally or spatially? Also, try popping back to 1937, reserving a couple of train tickets to California for 1938 under the name of 'Williams', and meeting up with them a year later far, far away from New York. 
Don't forget to pop back a few years from the present and make a fake tombstone also. The writing changes on it when Amy chooses to follow Rory, sure, but it could have changed simply because the lie got bigger.
I realise Moffat's trying to give the two of them a permanent farewell, and for the most part it works. But if they don't end up showing up in the 50th anniversary specials, I'll buy a hat and eat it. After all, look at Rose, trapped forever in a place where the Doctor could never get to her. Unless it was a couple of seasons later.
TL;DR - Just because it's in a book, doesn't mean the book isn't lying or mistaken.
Did Beige T-shirt Guy not see what was noteworthy in the ensuing scene requiring his friend to physically point to the man barely ten feet from them?
Also, is that a white stick on the ground? Blind guy?
So many questions.
and we love women who wear them as much as possible :)
fo realz. If I had sterile equipment and a sanitary setup I'd trust myself to pierce... an earlobe? That's pretty much it. 
The "sterile equipment and sanitary setup" part of this is non trivial. I would *not* be able to manage that without some serious help and supervision.
Ohh I see what your saying now. Personally I think full out dives should be 1 match bans, whether they got the yellow during the game or not.
This is gonna be so useful on /r/Teenagers Relationship threads!
If the voltage is too high or too low that can affect the turn signal relays. It's probably not your issue, but would be good to eliminate it. This would be caused be a bad voltage regulator. If that was bad you can either fry your battery or it will always be going dead from low charge. It might be time to get a service manual also. They're pretty easy to follow and have all of the spec's you'll need for troubleshooting.
thank you very much for reminding me
[You might appreciate this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePv7ZdWVjY4)
In complete ignorance of the game of soccer/football, what is particularly impressive about this? Granted, I couldn't do it. But what makes this a "he officially wins"?
Poutine is the greatest drunk food imaginable, but it's not sold over here (UK), so I must stick with greasy pizza.
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: After not having a girlfriend for a very long time...
>Meme: Futurama Fry
>* NOT SURE IF SHE'S ACTUALLY ATTRACTIVE
>* OR IF MY STANDARDS HAVE SERIOUSLY LOWERED
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r56bi.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/8WooN)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||NOT+SURE+IF+SHE%27S+ACTUALLY+ATTRACTIVE+-+OR+IF+MY+STANDARDS+HAVE+SERIOUSLY+LOWERED)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
Dell's mice are built like bricks, I still have one from circa 2003. And it will still probably work long after my MS Bluetrack mouse dies.
Do you think his name will ever be "cleared" and he'll get full credit for his work? Oh, and favorite Tesla song?
Sure it is, if you just know what the words *are*, it'd be easy to sing.
By lowering some settings you should really have a great improvement on fps. At least I did. If I set it to low the game runs smooth as butter. Obviously it won't be as pretty. This just to say messing with the setting does a difference!
Oswin's personality reminded me strongly of "The Doctor's Daughter" which is a loose end that has been left hanging since 2008.
"Bane, we're making a video game for you!"
"Good. I was beginning to wonder how long I must wait, before putting me on a game console
"It's a download... For phones..."
"...Looks like we'll have to go mobile."
Right, my bad. Still, the other good rookies in the AL who would have, in other years, walked away with AL ROTY got shafted by Trout being so damn good.
Let's not mention that the relevant frame was just posted yesterday and is still on the front page. It's the same joke!
2 and a quarter?
I miss that place horribly. 
The first 4 Ramones are re-issues, but the rest are OG. I haven't made it to Astro Black or Please & Thank You for that matter...I have been frequenting Underground Sounds & Better Days since EXY closed. 
Not gonna lie, your sister is right haha generally
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: Dexter Cupcakes Anyone?
>Meme: The Most Interesting Man In The World
>* I DON'T ALWAYS MAKE CUPCAKES...
>* BUT WHEN I DO THEY ARE DEXTER-THEMED, AND I IMMEDIATELY UPLOAD PICS TO REDDIT.
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r56bl.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/eU0sZ)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||I+DON%27T+ALWAYS+MAKE+CUPCAKES...+-+BUT+WHEN+I+DO+THEY+ARE+DEXTER-THEMED%2C+AND+I+IMMEDIATELY+UPLOAD+PICS+TO+REDDIT.)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
OP is a fag.
>Sexuality does not disappear by trying to repress it, rather it grows more.
I agree.
>I think that is just a trick religions use to make people feel sinful for things that they cannot avoid. People keep trying, and keep failing miserably.
I agree. What's the point?
Terrible, have a downvote.
Bang ~~Pepper Potts~~ Black Widow.
Dodgers fan here, Please sweep the Cards :)
original pancake house squeezes it in a machine in front of you.
OP will deliver. Eventually. It might take some time.
Cool! You said you were wearing a 36A up there, and I'd definitely recommend a 36 band if your rib cage is 36ish when you deflate your lungs, because bands stretch out over time so it's best to size down rather than up. The only thing I would say is consider a 36B. When you go down a band size you should go up a cup size. It should be the same volume as the 38A in the cup, but in a 36 band. (Sorry for the unsolicited advice, by the way. I just spend too much time on ABraThatFits. By all means, if the 36A is comfortable continue to wear it!)
They are obelisks and sprites, I believe. They're from thaumcraft.
Don't fuck with them.
I had a lot of people who used to PM me in game saying they were Reddit fans of mine. So yea
Thank you for asking a constructive question!  I especially enjoyed answering it, seeing that it came from you!  :)
Yeah, I was getting ready for him to break into Part II of his Confessions.
It rots, and increases water holding capacity by increasing organic matter and pore space. Plus, if you're in the part of NC with heavy clay soil, it really helps improve the soil structure, allowing it to hold more water by increasing water permeation.
Pug, it's whats for dinner.
yes but they sent me the wrong blank
I used to hide my weed in crazy places when I was high and I would have to text myself its location as to not forget it
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: Why is it just cupcakes anyway?
>Meme: Mad Karma with Jim Cramer
>* FIND YOUR COOKBOOKS
>*  DEXTER CUPCAKES ARE ON THE RISE
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r56c4.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/xNI3q)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||FIND+YOUR+COOKBOOKS+-++DEXTER+CUPCAKES+ARE+ON+THE+RISE)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
Geez 1.5 Euro for a condom?
You know, a quick wiki search clears this stuff right up. [It is a human skull.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starchild_skull)
Is Coffee and Pie supposed to mean something or is it just misplaced capital letters?
And the Bears beat the Colts, So the Packers are better then the Vikings, 9ers, and themselves. 
I write down the due date. Honesty. 
I'm so wet right now.
This is a brilliant idea, putting a little card or a hand written note in the front of the books would be a perfect way to remember how you found the book too.
Silva doesn't want that fight. He only fights cans at 205. 
["The only unclassy thing"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RR7jwQ_LOS8)
No. I used this recipe and followed it exactly.
http://www.nytimes.com/2006/11/08/dining/081mrex.html?_r=0
You also get a thin, fully aluminum body, arguably the best touch pad for a laptop, one of the best screens i've ever seen on a laptop, and a battery that last 8 hours. I could easily get a dell with the same features, but it would be made of injection molded plastic with a 1900x1080 (maybe) screen, twice as thick, and a crappy touchpad. 
I personally also like the keyboards on them, as all apple keyboards are standardized. 
came on to comment this. first post. great minds think alike
Man, I still can't get over how amazing this current team would be if he had stayed. Yeah, there's no use dealing in subjunctives after the fact, but Cazorla in the middle, Poldi on the left, RvP up top ... jeebuz. 
I was gonna say "i would fuck your sisters", but then I looked at the picture and recognized all three people in the picture and I was like "um I fucked one of your sisters already (middle). Nice pic though, good to see you guys are doin well (and not preggo thank le lord).
Holy shit, dissent?
Eat reddit's downvotes, bitch!
Was watching marrow today and mothership core is really hard to stop if you try to go for 1 rax expand in TvP. You just don't have enough marines to deal with a mothership core in your main minerals and stop the zealot/stalker poke at your expand.
Maybe something to look at.
What? Shamans? The doctors I know work the longest hours of anyone else I know in any other profession for the longest amount of years (and yes, my dad is an engineer), and during their residency earn less than starting out teachers! and that's for 2-7 years, after they just finished being poor college kids for 8 years. They then go home and study more hours to keep up on the latest research and studies to keep up their skills to ensure they are doing the best practice they possibly can. It is a gruelling job and those high dollars, they don't start earning till they're in their 30's if the person had no delays and a short residency (not common) and need the high money to save enough for retirement and pay their MASSIVE crushing student loan debt. It's the most underappreciated job and you couldn't pay me to do it! 
But also I think a large percentage said they would quit because so so many work far past retirement age, into their 70's and later because if they quit there would be no one to replace them and they feel this intense obligation to their patients. 
Medicine is far from moving towards a checklist, it may seem like it to you, but this would be similar to saying building a bridge can be done from a checklist and done by someone with less education than you, an engineer. Which of course you know is something that would be dangerous and a horrible idea. I personally have been misdiagnosed several times by Physicians Assistants and only when I saw a M.D. was I correctly diagnosed, and while there are instances where lower educated people would be appropriate, it is certainly far from always the case. 
I hope this sheds a little more light on a profession which is often misunderstood. 
Its fun taking posts from r/youtubecomments and posting them a few weeks later to funny, isnt it?
It is called liquor. Bourbon and water is my choice.
Awww yeah! You're very welcome. Thanks for posting a pic :D
Yeah dude,  we're out there. 
Faggot = OP ???
Standing? Like up right or at least bending the knees like crouching ?
stop posting useless shit.
[What to do in Chicago](http://www.reddit.com/r/chicago/comments/xkdfn/what_should_i_do_in_chicago_part_iii_812/)
[What should I eat & drink in Chicago?](http://www.reddit.com/r/chicagofood/comments/jdpji/what_should_i_eat_and_drink_when_i_come_to/)
Baby seals in Canada. 
Value City furniture also delivers. The deals are relatively decent.
The crystals are clear on the belt. [Here](http://imgur.com/B3Akf) it is again, same dress, different light. 
The great derangement by Matt Taibi. Feel like that was written for redditors.
But like I said its decent to start with or rent to newbies like me. Its not something I'd recommend to vets of airsoft.
I really want to see the Siege of Syracuse in Rome 2 and made Archimedes a playable character along with his innovatives artifacts.
So sad. Sorry. What a cute little guy he was. Best to you!
Okay okay, I can play this game.
Go the Distance, from Disney's Hercules.
Ferreal.
To this day, it makes me cry because it reminds me of being that gay kid who didn't really fit in with the other kids. As I child, I didn't really think about why I related to Hercules so much. I really just wanted to feel like I belonged somewhere, because he felt alone.
Man o_o
You think people will want this to happen at 3 o'clock? It's hosted in LA and they want as many tickets sold as possible.
That record doesn't make you justice at all. Good luck next week.
My parents exactly except they added, "We wish you would have come out gay instead!"
you started with unpeeled potatoes and raw meat, and an hour later had everything done and assembled?  that's some impressive timing.
It's easy, they tuck.
I was trying to look for the tooth...
Have an upvote. I was about to post the same thing when I saw yours. 
Nobody wakes up to half the shit they say when they post those pics. 
Nice. Maybe if both projects are halted you can see what the SOI group has and maybe join forces to get a product out? 
Are you Assyrian by chance? /r/Assyria
SO BRAVE.
Seriously. Generalize much? I'm from the North, but I've been to the South and there are plenty of kind and neighborly people, for sure more than there are up here in Connecticut. 
Exactly. There's considerable profit to be made with all those hungry people.
You seem like kind of a fag, though. I mean. I get your point. But you went about it the totally wrong way and that's why they called you on it. Someone posts some shit about Bieber, just be like, "That's the lamest shit." Teddy Roosevelt has nothing to do with it even if he was a badass. Now you've just muddied the name of Teddy Roosevelt for these idiots.
absoluteblack3 on skype, can't video chat but I'm always ready to listen.
My head just exploded. 
Um, what PS3 games do you have?
Try this :
http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814125418
Wait a minute. You're not the hot chick in the picture. Taking the Karma back!
In similar vein, I used to be obsessed with Elvis Presley.  I used to grease my hair back every day not because I was under the impression that it made me cool, but because *I was The King*.  This was in the early 2000s, mind you, so I'm pretty sure I was aware that, if anything, it made me less cool, but zero fucks were given.  Elementary school **alpha.**
edit: i just played again, and i killed a few junk loaders, YAY TETNIS
HEY VLAD you want to go swim in the dirt!?
They're kickers a dick =/
I guess a harmless joke about us losing because  of the kicker is a no go. 
Thank you so much!!!!
I mean really.. Not everyone woman is a gold-digging whore. If I had to completely rely on a guy to live my life, I'd have to kill myself. I need my own hobbies, my own friends, my own job, and my own responsibilities. 
Thanks, I think I pissed some people off by recomending Big Ben over Vick last week. This makes me laugh looking at Ridley's production today vs. Megatron.
On the rare occasions I manage to pass, I have glorious experiences like nobody following me down the road yelling slurs at me, men not being slightly patronising and men acting like i'm their friend way more quickly. 
I'm interested.  However, I'm currently a level 35 assassin.  But I can rank up asap if necessary.
My question is: where are you starting (or looking to start)?  A fresh TVM world or later, after a few (maybe more than a few) quests and what not?  (You mention 2.5 mode so can I assume you've beat the TVM story?)
My bad,  i kind of half read the post.  I thought you were concerned that if say you were up on oxy doing some kratom might synergise with the oxy and maybe make you OD.  I was just saying that i doubt that weak ol' kratom would probably push anyone to od. I was quite high at the time and now have fully read the post and have seen im retarded. 
With that being said, I doubt kratom will raise your tolerance any.  If it does, it'll be unnoticeable. 
I've done small scale trading, say probably 200-300 in non discounted steam games. 
I can't imagine the work put in to get 10k. I must have been missing something.
Neat, I've started a trend!
get some wolverine 1000 miles
ok great, thanks for answering the question in my text.
It's funny, I've never even fully completed a half life game, I feel so undeserving. 
As someone that works in a theatre where Broadway tours come though. I want this to happen.
I hope he gets killed
[Rice paddy art](http://www.forumselcuk.com/28362/japon-tarlalari)
[More](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/picturegalleries/howaboutthat/5965421/Paddy-art-farmers-create-colourful-rice-murals-in-Japan.html?image=1)
It's [The Congressional Record](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/the-congressional-record/id492077075?mt=8&ls=1) for iPhone. 
This is really nice of you.  222
That's a large. Smallmouth bass tend to have narrower bodies and also tend to be a brownish hue.
It's always mind-blowing to me to remember a time when someone controlled when and what I was able to eat, when I had to go to bed, what I could spend money on, etc. That was AWFUL. 
Seriously. Sometimes I eat a bag of potato chips for dinner just because I can, because I'm a grown-up. (protip: this does not ultimately make you feel like a grown-up)
what song was it?
If you are in the states, you can use expatshield. That's how I was able to watch the Olympics and old doctor who on YouTube. 
10/10 would watch, buy and make sweet love to.
For several reasons I have not been beading as much as I like to lately and found it hard to get back into one of my six big projects that are in different stages of unfinished. So I thought that a simple Zoidberg might do the trick and get me on track again.
The size of it is 21x30 cm (A4 size or about 8.3”x11.8”).
Yes, the cake is a lie
well, that too, but I've been one to realize too late that the line is backed up passed Kaley. And rather than cutting in, I've taken South St. In fact, sometimes I bet it's faster than sitting and waiting. 
 The child abduction industry will only end when the U.S. ratifies the U.N. Convention on the Rights of the Child.
When I had to register with selective service.
What sucks about it is you have to choose between getting an erection and having enough blood to supply your legs with oxygen.
The colored hair is awful.  Stop it and go back to what you are.  Trim it off.
Otherwise, you look fine.  Approach men.  You will get turned down here and there, but someone will like you.
I love anchovies. And you're right. Order anchovies on your pizza and you're probably safe. I would even wager most people who say they don't like anchovies have never had them
This should be included in underwear from now on. 
I would love to try this! What polish did you use?
Because we've all forgotten about the first time... 
APPARENTLY IF YOU PLAY GOOD DEFENSE YOU GET RANKED HIGHLY
WHO KNEW
Do you even lift?
I agree with everyone saying that we'd never get tired of you!
I am in love with that red outfit especially those pants. Where did you get them? If I may ask.
My experience is that muscles in the palms of your hands tend to decrease, and personally dropped a ring size.
Bones however, will not change.  though i'm down a ring size, I still have to have it large enough to get over my knuckles. 
a tip, slightly longer nails with polish will help to optically make your hands look daintier.  not overly long or it just looks wrong on that hand type.  experiment and you'll see.
My girlfriend is 32 and her ex is 53, they dated for 5 years
Buy one pack above want you're looking for. You'll get more lower drops that way. 
Ex: need uncommons SPs drop 2-3 uncommons plus the rare
Is that motherfucker serious? He gets it out and then manages to make the bug go inside again? I'm in pain from the gif and now I'm nervous too.
He's got a GS3. The next big thing is now...
I try to get my aunties to stop killing lonely men.
i forgot to mention that the one that is wired is downstairs while the one i need to have wired is up stairs and is too far away to just have a ethernet cable running through the house.
Just seen him on the Redskins good to see someone picked him up
Haha, I know that feeling. I checked the other day, and most of mine have death/a killer in them. Including one where the killer's actually the main protagonist.
Well, that's different! My last one was literally:
'Lo, it was writ on blocks of stone,
That men had carved and claimed their own,
On granite that shone like gleaming glass:
Those wise old words- this too shall pass'
Haha, that's true, but it fits the character, and I like it. If anyone say anything, I'll say it's an...adult bonus, or something.
I have, sort of, insofar as I'm on a couple of roleplay forums, and get feedback from the people on those.
I've always wanted to see Canada in Civ, I've always seen them as a very good choice topped only by Poland in my eyes. And you have some pretty interesting ideas by the way.
Had a 4.5 in high school while working part time. Also got a 4.0 in college working part time.
Not that hard when you know how to budget your time.
>     -fixed a bug that would cause wealthy individuals to not be prosecuted.
I'm seeing this bug, too, where do I subscribe? Needs to be marked as urgent.
When seeing the mist for the first time I wasn't overly impressed it was a fairly average to good movie nothing stand out, but I suppose it doesn't help that I'm not Kings biggest fan however I am a huge Thomas Jane fan. Who wouldn't love to see some Punisher vs cthulu mythos type spin off from this :P
But then the ending came and I was like Jesus H Christ! Did they really have the huge balls to pull off that ending. Also one of my most beautiful pieces of music ever made and one of my personal favourites thrown in. How could I not love it now.
And not complaining about reposts is one of the first rules in [reddiquette](http://www.reddit.com/help/reddiquette) .
Edit: not one of, the first in the Don't Column:
**Complain about reposts. Just because you have seen it before doesn't mean everyone has. Votes indicate the popularity of a post, so just vote. Keep in mind that linking to previous posts is not automatically a complaint; it is information. Votes indicate how the community values information, so just vote. **
A framework is just a bundle of files, usually a dynamic library and its headers, and possibly also including support files like documentation, images, localizations, plists, whatever.
I guess I might have been pushed out of that kind of thinking, actually. I started out in a fairly laid-back D&D group that focused on roleplaying and preserving immersion, but most of my D&D playing has been with a cutthroat group of optimizers and minmaxers. I learned that if I wanted to roleplay or encourage roleplaying in my players, I needed to take direct action as a DM and explain what's not allowed or otherwise discouraged. I hate minmaxing and metagaming, but I guess I'm just used to players pushing the boundaries and trying to optimize in any way possible.
I definitely agree that this should be discussed and possibly houseruled or changed for the next session. Take this experience and move on to something more enjoyable, you know? I think to change something at this point would involve direct mod intervention, which might cause more harm than good. Not sure, really.
Go home Karthus, you're drunk.
>Sometimes I will consider pointing out Reddiquette to people, only to realize I will only be downvoted for doing that as well (oh, the irony.)
Because it's rude for you to tell others to "Act right" when you have no real power over the website.
Made sure that setting was turned OFF! 
I was never ungrateful to my parents but i guess i denied them experiencing the joys of a teenage son.
I never really had a "life". Spent most of my time in my room. They would often tell me to get out more but i coudn't change.
Upvotes all the way down.
BUT THE *CHILD PORN* ... D:
Well the same could really be said for either group of people. I mean sure, some awake people are aware but the vast majority don't appear to be.  
Hahah like a fucking dyson!!
Do you know how steep the stairs up would have to be in order to make bridges high enough for big rigs to pass under every block? No thanks. This is coming from a pedestrian, neither my husband nor I had a license the first 10 years of our marriage and we currently don't have a car.
Dobby :( I cried so hard.
I automatically love the Broncos, just because I'm from Denver. I'd watch them, the San Francisco 49ers, and the Green Bay Packers. 
The 45 is lovely. It's warm and transparent, and has a three-dimensional quality to it. It sounds awesome before a distortion, where it makes a cool rotary effect with the rate control all the way up, great for percussive organ-type rhythms. I used to own an MXR Script Phase 90 which sounded great, but I think I like the 45 better. It's more subtle. Adds spice and movement to my cleans and cool warbles and sweeps to my distortions. I put an oversized knob on mine so I could tweak the rate with my foot while I play!
Looking at the price of the 920,  money is a valid point.  I'm thinking twice about it
dallas has solid CB's. Marshall is risky, I'm thinking bradshaw is the safer start over brown..
Difference between Air Control and Air Control HD)If any)?
I wouldn't include all deceased atheists, but George Carlin is still very influential.  I think he definitely needs a card.
Why does it have to be Edge Shave Gel? Have you preformed/know of an experiment that shows some superiority for ball shaving?
you mean play poorly the first quarter and then come back hard and lose by six points instead of 20?
Definitely trim as short as possible. I try to keep it somewhere between Mr. Clean and Robert Smith.
Paying a living wage, giving their people enough hours, giving them INSURANCE. Wow, how fucking evil do you have to be to think that taking some cash from your other employees is the solution to this? 
> But she's one of my best firend's ex so I don't know what to do.
How recent? Anything more than about a month, and you're probably in the clear (though check with your ex, and if they dumped her, then ignore whatever they say. Dumping someone is a clear indication that you no longer care what happens to them. You should probably find out *why* they dumped her though)
I hope you step in dog poop ... preferably while barefoot
i know what it's like. i just got the z623. 130 watt sub. makes music sound so much fuller.
Edward looks like he has had work done.
Now I'm almost ashamed to admit that it wasn't until some time later that I realized Dennis Hopper wanted Walken to kill him so he won't torture him for the whereabouts of his son. I realize most people got that instantly but it went right over my head the first time I saw true romance. 
That's a beautiful dog! 
>  "There was no Art Garfunkel for visitors at Malmö Arena last night"
No Art Funkel for you!
I think this is a convenient abbreviation of his name.
Looks like the 90's kids are complaining about their generation AGAIN.
Please note that I type this with my face buried in one of my palms.
> ***Posts should not contain:***
>
> * Misc angels, cracks, "Bad Wolf" graffiti, etc.
I'd go as far to say 10 Romeny bashing stories and one about either the GOP fucking something up or how great Gary Johnson is.
Well, the video IS still up.
Your first post, my first ban. How cute. Troll elsewhere.
I don't understand what's being blurred out in the 5th picture from the top. Were they afraid to be recognized by their distinctive asses?
Bathroom attendants are so much worse because they insist on making freaking eye contact.
Goldeen is the Dovahkiin
also, Nigel Growlithe looks quite majestic 
Well I invaded a city state called Dublin in Civ 5, does that mean everyone in Dublin is now in my bed? Go me!
STX long.  Cheap right now with P/E around 5, poised for a bounce back and earnings announcement Oct 15.
Looks like 5 dollar shake.
So is this how all apps look on the iPhone 5 that have not been updated?  Is there any option to stretch them out or do you always get the black bars?
Yeah it's real. Doesn't work flawlessly but it does work.
Detects magnetic fields.
I'm not a developer and I've had one available in my account for a long while now. 
Yeah. And in his defense to those who might be scared off of reading his books because of his bigoted opinions, I'd like to point out that Ronald Dahl was a huge antisemite and Dr.Suess did a lot of racist anti-japanese cartoons during WWII. (Thought the latter did change his opinions in the later years)
Nothing exciting or insightful to say. Just getting drunk and getting ready to enjoy an Eagle pounding. GO GIANTS!!!!!!!!!!!
pete best. more like pete worst
This is funny, especially the last, but what the hell is up with /u/fistfullaberries replying to everyone saying "Got any bread?"
HOW DARE PEOPLE ENJOY THINGS!!!
Grow up.
The problem people have with the Mormon faith is the same problem they have with every other religious faith. It is all a delusion. To tie my comment in with the pictures presented by the OP, no one (literally zero people) knows what happens after we die except for that which can be observed by science. The only reason Mormonism would make sense to you is because it is the religion you grew up with and were indoctrinated into by your parents. Many currently atheist individuals all have had the same experience, but they know that just because a religion may be comparitively comforting to you, doesn't make it true. No deistic religion makes sense as they all operate on the premise that "We don't know (or didn't know) how or why X or Y works or is, so the answer must most definately and undeniable be that God is responsible." There is no way around it. This is coming from a former Christian who went through years of confirmation (essentially bible study) classes during the week with sermon attendance on relevant days of the week. The more an educated individual learns about their own religion, the more they see that it is indeed just hogwash.
Not to sound patronising, but I am also curious as to what sort of Mormon hogwash makes sense to you and whether or not that could not possibly be found in any of the other thousands of religions that have and do exist in this world. 
It's not that it's difficult for outsiders to understand, it's that it's difficult for insiders to understand because they have put a road-block infront of their path to understanding with a giant "faith" inscribed boulder.
Earning a cutie mark in interpretive dancing, by the looks of it.
You're a disgrace to Reddit.  No one, and NO ONE, mentions 9GAG, EVER.
Well, yeah. I wouldn't expect you to; those hipsters are pretty obscure.
Well, I am just going by my gf who was born there and went to HS there and wrote a paper on Islamic law during law school.  I suppose feesibly outside of major cities like Tehran or Shiraz you might escape the morality police, but then you will meet the more conservative rural people......sooooo......
That's it, the lower tier games are strangely not very affected by the arty plague.
They said they are going to produce a limited number of them. :-)
so true its sad
my ex gf got me a book on eastern philo when she went to india..i believe its called a survey of indian philosophy or something...id know for sure but i left it at my parents house last time i visited
Anyone who killed Crawmerax too close to the cliff edge knows all too well this was a problem in the original. Only ever had him drop 2 pearl weapons for me in hundreds of runs, and I had to watch one of them go flying over the edge. FFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-
also one in Rochester, NY: Wall Street Bar & Grill. so fun to go out for cheap on the lowest valued drinks.  [Wall Street Rochester](http://wallstreetrochester.com/)
Ok, u convinced me.
I do the same thing at work, not conversing with coworkers, but it's only because I don't really care for football or golf which are the only topics of conversation in the office.
For real. I watched some of the videos and it looks like he will be even better as in how he free runs and things like that. 
I think the $500k is for the World Marathon Majors, which means that Kimetto wouldn't have gotten that much if he had won. He would have gotten just the prize for Berlin. I don't know what that is but I think it's well under $100k. This makes me worried that perhaps Kimetto had some monetary incentive (e.g., a cut of Mutai's WMM prize money). 
 I do! I think it has so much potential.
Einstein's Dreams by Alan Lightman
> real life (as it tends to) seemed to keep getting in the way
Mine too. =)  And everyone else's also.
> I'll admit to not being as well versed on...the traditional Christian perspective of heaven.
Many "traditional" Christians are also not well-versed on it.  I frankly don't care what the 'average, typical" Christian believes.  Wide is the path that leads to destruction, after all.
> The LDS church pretty clearly sticks to the idea that salvation is intertwined with God's desire for us his children to be happy. Our idea of the lifecycle of our spirits (if you will) is often called the plan of salvation or the plan of happiness.
Good stuff.  Our plan centers on God himself and us knowing him, rather than us as individuals facing a kind of "objective" plan that exists apart from God, which he directs us along.  In other words, for us, God himself IS the plan.  He didn't follow a path himself.  He "is" the Path -- the Way, the Truth, and the Life, in other words.
> I've had many Christians tell me that God created mankind to glorify him and that heaven is to sing God's praises through the eternities to further his glory (Forgive me if this is incorrect).... The LDS idea of God is that God doesn't need our glory.
Actually, we don't think he "needs" our glory at all.  That's a huge misunderstanding.  "Glory" just means God's "radiated identity" or "creation's knowledge of him."  The more we know him and become like him, the happier we are and the more all of creation experiences him the way he truly is.
We're like mirrors who experience pleasure in reflecting God and seeing him reflected from others to us.  God delights in our joy, but he doesn't need it reflected, as he radiates his own identity enough for every purpose he has ever had or ever will have.
> we believe that his reason for creating us is love for us as his children. It is literally like a loving father here on earth. Your father is not going to say, "I want what's best for you, but I don't ever want you to move out and have a family of your own or your own life."
We believe this more metaphorically.  We don't think God begot us as spiritual children the way LDS does, nor that he intends for us to progress into godhood and beget our own spiritual children.  We believe God is such an infinite embodiment of love, goodness, truth, etc. that knowing him and becoming like him are final ends in and of themselves.  And we believe all other scriptural imagery centers around this.
> God wants us to progress and experience all the greatness, love, and potential that he can give us. We don't believe that we will ever surpass God, but as we learn and grow in compassion and knowledge we can become more like him.
Agreed, word for word.  Even if the definitions are different. =)
> Whether that means we will have our own children and be gods is something that is up for debate and subject to interpretation even within the LDS church.
Who told you this?  This is not what I understand at all, and goes flatly against the teachings of Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, and the core teachings of the LDS church itself.  
That doesn't mean it's wrong, not at all.  But I would be cautious.  Often, religious groups can compromise their core teachings to be "sensitive" (aka politically correct) to the culture of the time, and this may have happened for you.  Do your own independent research and see what you come up with on this topic.  Don't be afraid to boldly honor the teachings of your faith.
> I don't know whether or not this answered your question
You totally did!  I just wanted to hear from you personally!  To me, this is more about *YOU* than it is about the LDS church at large.  Everyone has their own story and their own way of experiencing their group identity.
> it's a difficult thing to convey with due gravity.
Understood and respected.  I do not intend to ridicule your experience/understanding, just as you are clearly not intending to ridicule mine.  We're safe talking about this.
> while I try to stick with what is actually considered church doctrine I'm not perfect.
I think we can earnestly say this is true for all of us.  But we'll both continue vigorously continuing along our individual paths to maintain full honesty with ourselves.
Read Song of Solomon - things get kinky in there.
Having used google Maps on Android there simply is no competition. It is years ahead the second maps comes to iOS I fail to see a reason to use the Apple ones I don't see any possible way google could improve Android Maps.
I don't need an ipad... 
are adults allowed to perform elective frontal lobotomies?
Am I the only one who realizes that in the time of people getting crucified, they don't nail your hands, they nail your wrists, so that they don't tear off.
I tried a little sugar free jello pudding mix today and it was really tasty, at only 15 calories added to my cup of yogurt. It was more of a post-workout pudding break than a protein break. Totally worth the extra calories!
It's ok, I will still upvote because my dogs do the same thing! 
Hey, at least I'm honest! lol
I'm from the bible belt as well, don't worry, there ARE some smart people out here-- and some of them are even *mildly* attractive.
RL, stop posting.
www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1038sl/when_a_religious_person_posts_a_comment_in/c6a1r53
Edit: Clarification.
Uvote for your nonexistent name sir
Not hitting any of the traffic
It depends what you want. But since you want a lot of detail AND a lot of colour, around 50-60 hours. Of course this depends greatly on the artist as well. Some could be faster, some could be slower. It takes more time for colour because a lot of the time you have to keep going back in to get more colour shades put into it in order for the proper "pop" that you want when working in large scale. Good things about tattoos though, you don't need to rush to get them done! You can start it and just chip away slowly as time goes by if you need to! Hope this helps
Why is your username Lesscute? Less cute than what? 
Answer: nothing.
lady-deodorant. the white kind. tastes bad though, so careful.
Do we have any proof?
The irony, it hurts me.
I was thinking the same thing, man.
I also love the fact that nightmares are usually the most vivid dreams I have. If I wake up and a dream has affected me in such a way that my heart is beating rapidly, then I can usually remember it as though I actually experienced it. 
(edit: grammar)
I know of a fella named Arpaio who has some great ideas about how to cut those costs down and get some usefulness out of the indentured servants.
the one on the right is hoter
And you can't spell..
Till the malaria gets hold of the population.
Some of the lines in Tokyo are. (Yurikamome Line, for instance.)
Ha, no comments! Wait, this isn't contributing. But, I added a lot of commas so I atleast contributed a little. Or did I? Post your answer in the comment box bellow. 
I 100% agree...
http://imgur.com/K3psQ
I just liked the quiver better... 
Good tears or bad tears? Cuz I dun want no misunderstandings.
thank you for linking to a give to elaborate on your already obvious feelings. look at me, i can be just like you. hurray, shitty!
either way this article got over 3000 hits today, albeit very few from reddit which makes me wonder how many people actually read the article before they came in here flinging feces at me  
Jesus must have been sweet to party with
He is wanted for other claims on his alts. He is banned due to having 2 alts in he end,  and still shows no intention to stop his stupid griefing.  I think we need to resolve that before we waste our time busting him out. 
Depends on the kind of memory. Some involve magnetizing a surface, which you can do because electricity and magnetism are the same force. You can use an electrical pulse to change the magnetism of something, and use that magnetism to change the electrical pulse.
Others involve designing transistors to capture electrons in certain circumstances, and thus maintain a certain charge (which will get the value of 1). This can be erased by applying the opposite kind of charge.
Finally, many types of memory rely on something in the computer interacting with the physical characteristics of an object (for example, a laser interacting with the pits on a CD or DVD), and interpreting the change in response as either a 1 or a 0 (for example, how much time it takes the reflection of the laser to return to a sensor).
As everyone else pointed out, you're beautiful. I love the second photo you posted. Your hair is amazing. When you're legal, guys will probably be falling over each other. I totally get the self esteem thing. That's why I posted here as well. 
That's dope, appreciated.
Quakes fan too btw. gotta get my flair
Did it hurt?   I'm assuming the balls came along for the ride. 
" Why should I hate you we ain't that different / We may act differen't in some ways / But we still grouped together like a fuckin survey"- Del Tha Funkee Homosapien
I like the message that we're all one people who are different, but we shouldn't hate each other.
Quit being a gerbil. 
Just broke up with my bf, this helped, thank you. 
I would assume, from the hokies name, he was a Vick fan. 
If no one else has posted this, I'd recommend having a look at the RSA (Royal Society of Arts) Animate series, this one in particular: http://www.thersa.org/events/video/animate/rsa-animate-the-empathic-civilisation
If it is in fact the one I'm thinking of, the speaker gives a good reason to embrace the one life you have and root in that mortality the one reason you can relate/empathize with all other human beings: one day we'll all have to die and the life we have before that is just as precious for them as it is for us.
Same here, at first glance those canines had my undivided attention.
Yeah, that was a real kick-when-you're-down scenario. More frightening is the radiation. A lot or people don't trust Japanese produce now, which further worsens the economy. Tokyo is overdue for a huge, apocalyptic earthquake, and there's talk of Fuji getting ready to blow, so it's pretty bleak outlook at the moment.
That said, Japan has a long history of rebounding from complete devastation, so there's still hope at the end of the day.
How much longer it takes to bounce back (mild hangover, upset stomach, strained muscle, etc.)  It's as if your entire metabolism is slowed down.  Maddening!
I'm having a problem getting the ball right into the corner. I missed 3 in a single game today.
http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/qgwfp/fetch_gone_wrong/
7 months? Not bad
Dat's one fly ass bitch.
Wonder Girls - Nobody
Taeyang - Wedding Dress
INFINITE - BTD (Before the Dawn)
 f(x) - Danger
BIGBANG - Love Song 
 Girls' Generation - TRICK
Orange Caramel - Magic Girl
HyunA - Bubble Pop!
U-KISS - Neverland
2PM - Heartbeat
SHINee - Sherlock
Wonder Girls - Like this
Girls' Generation - Genie
After School - Because of You
4minute - Volume Up
I feel like I should probably repost [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/MapPorn/comments/ykqdj/byzantine_empire_at_its_height_720x540/c5wo3lt)...
***EDIT: TL;DR: History nerd goes on a tirade about Byzantine Empire and why it should be referred to as the Roman Empire.***
*I would argue that they didn't just think of themselves as Romans, they were Romans. Calling them the Byzantine Empire was a modern day development used, at least partially, to help undermine the idea that they were of similar stature to the height of the empire under the 5 good emperors. They spoke Latin (at least up until Justinian, anyway); encouraged the teachings of art, philosophy, and law; were viewed as Romans by the rest of the West (so much so that during the schism the Papacy thought that they could limit their clout by establishing the title of Holy Roman Emperor with Charlemagne); and maintained many of the traditions of the Empire. Sure many of the older things were lost; Latin was eventually abandoned, Triumphs and other traditions eventually fell to the wayside, Emperors lineage eventually diverged from the Roman blood lines they once claimed, and the military structures changed over time, but could this not be said for every great kingdom, nation, or Empire? Surely we don't look at the British Empire under Victoria as a totally different nation than the English Kingdom of Edward the Confessor (the argument could be made that they are, but I'm more concentrating on the court of public opinion), even though the differences between them were probably just as great as between Julius and Irene. Nations change, they diverge, the ruling families shift; surely the United States of 500 years (I'm fairly confident the US will still be some sort of entity) will look nothing like the US of 1810; heck the US of today looks nothing like the US of 1810.* 
*We've begun looking at the Empire during its Constantinople days as a lesser age than under it's Rome days, but I believe that's neither true nor fair. Sure the borders may have stretched a bit farther North during the 5 good Emperors, but aside from that the Empire was just as brilliant. Trade flourished; Constantinople was the envy of all, from Persia in the East to the Normans in the West; art and architecture flourished, and thanks (ironically) for the 4th Crusade some of the greatest works survived the iconoclasts that swept through the Empire later on; their law system (established under the famous Justinian) became the foundations for codes of law throughout the West, and, in my opinion, far surpassed that of the first half of the Empire; and of course the Capital of the Empire remained the religious center of the church, at least up until the schism that split the Church. In my view the Roman Empire did not die with a whimper under Romulus Augustulus, but with a mighty roar of defiance from Constantine (XI) Palaeologus 2,000 years after that glistening city was first established on the Tiber.*
Amumu has always been in my top 3 go to junglers. 
Oh damn hahah butthole of the central valley is it? I live in Napa and to be honest I have never been to Fresno. I'm guessing I haven't missed anything...
Edit: No more bacon reader. Too many mistakes. 
I think that it is good he is rereading the bible. Even as an atheist if I am feeling lost, something I sometimes do is read a random part of the bible until it makes me feel better. 
If I were to talk to your friend now, I would talk to him about spirituality vs religion. And all the possibilities for things that I would not call a god. I worship Om, or Aum, it is simply the sound of the universe while meditating. I worship the multiverses. I recognize that the world we perceive is a holographic image/world created by the mind. I have morals, I do not steal from individuals, I do not intentionally harm other living beings. I recognize the 'light' in others. I could go on, but if you want videos your friend can see the spiritual side of atheism, youtube alan watts, spirit science. There is plenty on these topics. 
Pure atheism without and spirituality is not for everyone, I would say not for most. 
Well, That guy was a troll.
Just downvote and move on with those ones.
Keep on upvoting good content and comment if you feel like contributing.
Happy redditing!
I think you meant *affects...but yes, it does. I would never want to feel that way about another being. A mother feeling this way about something she created, therefore, reinforces my chosen lifestyle.
Speaking of, it's MY choice, and my lifestyle. Why does it matter to you? Why have you chosen to come into r/childfree and stir the pot? The notion that I don't want carbon copies of myself running around shouldn't affect you...but alas!
Guy in the back trying to hide his boner
don't draft a nobody wr early?
Ah, religion. Don't we all just love it?
Who knew Golf could be so intense. This was the first time I watched Golf on TV, and certainly not the last ! EUROPE !
Ahh yes I tried this. Not necessarily falling but for some reason I thought incredible clumsiness would be endearing to the female species. I was wrong.
Go Deep by Neoteric and Wax Motif? Perhaps the Torro Torro Remix of it?
1. In my experience, eating is only difficult for about a day after you get your braces tightened. Eating certain foods like really sticky/chewy stuff is obviously going to be harder. Also, food gets stuck in them a lot. Having something to bite down on helps alleviate the pain. My orthodontist gave me this special mouthpiece that was pretty much a grape flavored piece of cardboard.
2. Yes, you get so used to it that it feels weird when they come off.
3. If you want to minimize the amount of time that you have braces, do what your orthodontist tells you. Seriously. If you have to have your braces for more than 3 or 4 years you are probably doing something wrong. 
4. No. Braces doesn't make it harder nor does it feel weird for the other person.
I thought that it was pronounced Shoydinfrood
Edit: just watched some of his videos, that joke went right over my head.
Damn man you're good. Yeah I'm here now but going to Methodist for the surgery
Actually, the yin yang buhuddist swastika goes clockwise (typically) while the Nazi one goes counter clockwise (always). Now as to the *idea* behind the image, what is it? I don't know what you mean by that. Do you mean the idea that someone is representing how ludicrous it is that because something you adhere to says you cannot display a figure from your mythology that others must follow these same rules. Others whom do not subscribe to your beliefs. Others who wish to be left alone and are the majority of the worlds population (by that I mean all other people who are not islamists).
It was the wedding cards which caught my eye. The idea that everyone got different couples is nice.
(You know everyone would be hoping to get the "cool" superheroes.)
BLASPHEMY.
But seriously, I don't hate her, but I don't particularly like her music. Just not the best.
Wrong. I do. I care about other fantasy teams.
WOw... keep the box's and packageing...
At least there is a bike rack, here in sydney bikes aren't allowed on buses. İf the bus driver is nice and there arent any passengers in the disabled/less mobile section you take the bike on the bus at the risk of the driver getting in trouble.
HOW ABOUT DAVONE BESS
7 REC FOR 123 YARDS
12 ppg average in ppr leagues
THIS DUDE IS FINALLY LIVING UP TO HIS POTENTIAL MAYBE
Black and Tan Coonhound. He's a bit of a mutt though. 
Sorry Bro, this is a repost. 
given the animalistic violent reactions to stupid comics and movies that shit on Islam, I'd say that's a fairly accurate analysis of the Islamic culture. animals.
You can only redeem in-game... no website for redemptions thought word is it may be coming soon.
It pains me, but I want the Eagles to win. I think that they'll implode later this season anyways.
Thanks for the advice!
Thanks, I hope it's available to watch here, a lot of the time, American TV channel's websites have their videos blocked to non-American viewers
I've found that the search doesn't really work in kanji or in romaji. On the plus side I am now getting some practice at asking people directions... 
Also, it's weird seeing the map location as I am in Sannomiya ;p
That would be the best homework assignment ever.
Couldn't have been Water Polo, in that game they teach you how to hold on to the ball.
This might explain why they lost out to the warring tribes spreading Islam. 
Miss Irony can be a stone cold bitch at times can't she!
The Jews like to frame them for stuff.
What's wrong with living in the suburbs?
Really? I thought 1 was much better than 2.
You underestimate the stupidity of some the common human. I know many who would actually try this.
Yay! =D Extra points FTW! =D
If it was a K-Drama, and you remember what channel, day, and time, you can try cross-referencing with this list:
http://wiki.d-addicts.com/List_of_Dramas_aired_in_Korea_by_Network_in_2012
This is actually pretty scary to me. When/if overpopulation becomes a serious problem combating it will be much harder if we're up against more than just societal pressure.
I have removed your submission as the source resolution is actually 768x1024. Please resubmit with the proper one listed.
I had no idea he was accidentally freed, he talked to me one day and said you guys let him out.
They didn't taste that god either
Don't spend a dime on any online education. It's a waste. B&M, regionally accredited universities are the only way to go.
Right on. A lot of my teachers aren't from around here (New Yorkers, all of them, tch), so they didn't really know what colleges would be a good for a master's. Thanks.
Serpentine has some people with back to back or close picks, and others that have to wait a long time. The talent pool dries up very quickly. On paper, serpentine sounds better, but through experience I've come to prefer fixed.
Um. I think every case is different.  My knees never hurt me much with running.  After I lost about 50lbs my knees where great.  If I felt they where going to hurt, then I found leg exercises/lunges etc to be very helpful.  I don't run *too* much.  Maybe 3km every other day for 30min.  So I'm not super hardcore, but I do enjoy it.  I started C25K, and loved it.
nah man, that would be impossible to pronounce after like a 2
> surfs reddit
The important question: Does he know who you are?
And I guess Starcraft is a shitty game that only Koreans actually care about, as well.
Typical.
My brain just exploded from her not being eaten.
i don't know that i'd call them "hate-mongering", but they're definitely a circle-jerk with their own set of crazy and strict rules. they'll ban you for breaking the circle-jerk, for instance.
as far as i'm aware, one of their rules is "don't touch the poop". they like to be insular, and not get into fights elsewhere on reddit. i've honestly engaged someone i knew was from SRS *once*, and it was only to troll the fuck out of him. most of the time, i just hear people complaining about what a bunch of feminazis they must be, even though nobody ever even hears from them.
i really want to make some kind of elder gods, sleeping behemoth, lovecraftian joke here, but i'm not very creative. hope somebody can help out.
>Yeah, I wish more ~~women~~ people would realize that gender roles are rigid and limiting for BOTH sexes.
The men that say "women belong in the kitchen" are the same men saying "you are a faggot for not knowing how to fix a car".
 So, yeah, it's not just women.
And the people fighting for gender equality already know that. Feminism is good for you, guys.
Dude, read any faq or guide about hackintosh. You can't, in no way possible get a working hackintosh on ANY AMD processor. OSX has stuff that is specific to Intel processors. 
You wont be able to get it running with that processor, ever.
If you want to hackintosh you have to do it, necessarily, on an INTEL processor. No way around that.
Sorry.
EDIT: http://www.macbreaker.com/2012/01/look-at-state-of-amd-hackintoshing.html
Found something. Basically it says that altough possible, it is very very hard to do and if you manage to make it, it will be a pain in the ass (crashes everywhere). Not recommended if you aint a computer wiz.
yep thats exactly what i meant  the clouds look more realistic than the rest
typical NY~~T~~Post making  news out of nothing.
the OMG terrorist shit works on all the politically liberal wankers there b/c they're largely for an authoritarian state. draconian at that.
source: I used to live there for a decade. 
I remember an episode of jimquisition about this.
you should get out of it!
Lost my sex-in-car virginity while simultaneously successfully pleasing my man in a position historically unsuccessful for him.
Here it is, Sunday Night Football!
First throw over 6 yards. INT. That's why. 
I have come here from [r/eagles](http://reddit.com/r/eagles) and I went to [r/giants](http://reddit.com/r/giants) but it was a fucking baseball. 
I work in a retirement home, whenever i say 'I'll see you later' to one particular resident she always says 'I do hope so dear'
A. 100 duck sized horses because I can't handle a horse sized duck dick.
B. I would prefer to get oral because at least I'll enjoy this scarring experience.
C. Sweat milk because I think blue cheese is nasty.
Not to hard.
What is it made of? Looks like really powerful paper. Still awesome though.
**Hidamari Sketch** I re-watched the second season and most of the third in preparation for Honeycomb.  I've never been so excited for an anime.
**Kemono no Souja Erin**  Watched another five or so episodes of this, up to 24/50 now.  Show's a really good story about a girl's life.  Starting from when she's ~8 up to adult-hood.  Highly recommended if you're into that kind of thing.  Fantasy setting, kind of reminds me of 12 kingdoms.
**Birdy Decode**  Watched half of the first season of this, after only just realizing it existed.  Was a huge fan of the OVA a decade ago, and the tv anime is just as good.
**SAO 13** Pretty good.
How do you have Rodgers, Cam, and RG3? Maybe trade one for a more middling quarterback and an upgrade at RB/WR?
Well, there is a "No Shave November" thing - maybe that would do better in September? I don't know really - it's more widely recognised due to it's connections with cancer charities than months that lonely men dedicate to not wanking themselves to sleep every night.
No problem! Keep me up to date with your progress :)
You're on the right track, but doing your shopping a bit too early. If you're going to be buying in November, then just wait to grab everything on black friday. Last year's deals weren't spectacular, but you'll still be saving a lot of money.
Also - hound r/buildapcsales like a madman. If you see something you want then pick it up.
The i3 suggestion is spot-on if those are the games you'll be playing. You'd only be better off with a quad core if you use CPU intensive applications/games. Even though the 965 is a good processor and fairly on-par with the i3s, the upgrade path is better (so far) with an H77 board.
After looking at your build, however, I see a couple things that can be tweaked.
* 1) You don't need an SSD, and I'm guessing since you already have a mechanical HD (as one isn't listed), just use that. An SSD is beneficial for load/save/boot times, and won't really enhance your gaming experience. It's nicety and not a necessity - especially for builds on a budget. You're better off allocating that $100 towards your CPU/GPU. With that done, you can pick up an i5-3450 and an AMD 7950. You'll increase your gaming experience tremendously - more so than if you had an SSD. One builder I helped summarized it this way: "prettier things over faster things".
* Corsair's Builder series has gotten a bad rep for being unreliable, DOA, and noisy. They're not terrible, but why grab it when you can pick up a better (or possibly even modular) PSU for the price? Look at Corsair's TX **V2** series or better, SeaSonic, XFX, OCZ, and Antec.
I do agree they should not be used with an electric pump. But mason jars are built to withstand substantial pressure, as they can be sterilized in pressure cookers.
Hope I can upgrade to a proper pump system myself soon
To be honest I pretty much hate everything about IEEE latex as well.
Light, flaky, tastes like just about every other light, white fleshed non-oily fish out there.
What made me lose my certainty in theism was my inability to provide any more compelling reason to believe in a deity than invisible flying hamster monkeys.
A wild To-it appeared!
Um, I guess I can print a 6"x6" piece of "paper" out of pla. 
How did this injury even happen? Shot?
Extremely unlikely. As far as I know, there are no languages being spoken today which were spoken 10,000 years ago.
However, things are different now. We now have recordings of how people speak. This is a very recent development, comparatively speaking - we've been able to record speech for less than 150 years, compared to millennia of writing. So, it's possible that language will change less, or more slowly, because we have these common recordings to keep language from changing too much. 
On the other hand, the BBC's Received Pronunciation was the gold standard of English pronunciation for decades, but it is now losing ground to Estuary English. So, maybe recorded language does *not* "freeze" the vernacular.
You might also want to talk to the folks over in [r/Linguistics](http://www.reddit.com/r/linguistics) for a more in-depth answer.
Shares in *danielgoodman, inc. (DGM)* are going through the roof. 
I agree, but "Non-American English" is English, or generally closer to English. The way you wrote the TL;DR reverses the norms. American English is the exception.
To compare, it would be awkward to say "ostriches and emus (etc.) are flightless birds, while all other birds are non-flightless birds."
really loving this blog, not that I'm always drunk (ahem) but it seems like cheap and easy to make and the photos look delicious! Also like the presentation with the drawings.
If you're the author or a friend of his/her know you have a fan!
From what i've come to understand of them, it's basically first world problems, in the future. Then there's /r/fifthworldproblems, which is the next step up from /r/firstworldproblems, then from there we go into /r/seventhworldproblems, yet it goes deeper, until we get to /r/infiniteworldproblems at the end of the rabbit hole. Hope that helps.
There's a link for women traveling alone in the sidebar. Lots of good tips there.
Besides that, your parents will always worry. They're your parents. They're probably worrying about your well-being right now. Just make sure to check in with them often.
I'm 22, and when I went to SEA this summer, I added my mom to the app Find My Friends on the iPhone. It let her see where I was whenever she wanted to, and it eased her mind a lot. 
Who cares what he thinks. We shouldn't even be waisting our time. Each letter I type is a waste of time. Let's forget him. Now, Lets be happy for the living.
It happens REALLY BAD for me. Like, once I got a noticeable dent. Just don't do it. 
lol @ $540 a month on bottle service
1 bottle would cost you that much in one night bro
It was only slightly related. Narcissism is a human attribute, something a "perfect being" shouldn't have. Then I remembered when i was a kid what made realized gods aren't real.... Look at a culture carasteristics and theirs gods will have similar carasteristics. 
[](/twirage) Level 18? ARGHAH!
How on Earth did you come across this? I posted it over a month ago.
just jam a screwdriver in the hole.  itll work.
***Their***  
EDIT: also, I still don't get it.
Upvote for using "mastication" in your comment.
I'm in Texas, so Spanish. Life would be so much easier and entertaining.
Sweet. The thing is that's band size. Our school is 4A so we go against band's twice as big as us
Will you be doing the video game episode anytime soon?
am i the only one who thought the insistence on using Fred Jackson was a huge part in this loss? Freddy looked like SHIT. Yeah CJ fumbled on the 1 (which was a huge blow) but at least he gained yards instead of dancing around the line of scrimmage
EDIT: don't get me wrong, the horrid D was mostly to blame though
I hiked Mt. Si today and it was really great. There are some fun scrambles at the top too.
This one.. I like!  Good composition and the picture is logical.  A friendly critique, I maybe would have moved slightly to the left (moving him to the right of the frame) to tone down that sun flare that seems to be contorting his neck.  But great shot!  
ummm. can't tell if serious.
as long as ramdomthought isn't pmsing it's solid as fuck
I understand where you're coming from. I am having a lot of similar thoughts. I am making a list of things I am going to ask about. If I do do it, I don't want to end up like one of those donors with hundreds of children.
I am currently still pumped up from how easy it was and how great it is
My cats act like retarded alarm clocks.
thanks!
Edit: DOH 12 posts in the last 2 years
Me? No. I own the games already, and don't care for physical media. But awhile back I thought paying extra for the West Wing was worth the extra $20 to get the series folio case, and if someone else thinks the same about Mass Effect then what do I care? 
Again, the end result is people that want something extra have it for a extra cost, and people that don't want it can just buy the game the way they used to. A few people win, nobody loses, but you've decided we've all be wronged.
Nowhere in your post do you mention what you'd actually like to do. That's kind of important if you're looking to get a working visa in that field.
While you aren't allowed to scam people from reddit, if you don't know enough about them etc then it's pretty fair game.
It looks like Team America. 
Yeah, me too. Actually, the way things are going, I might be able to pull that if I needed to. But retirement income is fundamentally different than 'working years' income, in that you (should) only pull out as much as you spend. Using me as an example, I now I make what I make, but 25% is going into retirement, and another 10% or so into savings. I won't need to save for retirement in retirement, and plenty of other expenses (mortgage) will be gone or reduced.
So I might be able to pull out $200k a year, but I'd really need to *spend* $200k a year to require that. And that's on top of all other earnings (Social Security) which I would use first. So you'd pretty much need to be living on a mansion on a beach, and own at yacht or two to really spend that each year :)
My face hit a beartrap once, while crawling through weeds in Cherno.
True, I can't imagine Reddit without Cat Pictures
Read this: [Benching with the Pecs](http://www.bodyrecomposition.com/training/benching-with-the-pecs.html)
I completely agree. I was really bored for about 25-30 minutes, is that something you can say about a really good movie? Just because something that arguably detracts from the movie is intentional doesn't automagically make it okay because that was the "director's intention".
I just wasn't a fan of the second half of the movie. It went from "wow this is really cool" to "are you fucking kidding me" in the space of a really boring half hour. It's really funny though, reddit has a real hard-on for this movie and anyone calling the second half boring is downvoted on sight. Which is hilarious, people were so quick to say Prometheus was a let down but not this one? Looper was a HUGE FUCKING LET DOWN.
ಠ_ಠ
Did I miss something? You know, never mind, don't wanna know.
I'm sure nobody will care if you're 16 or 17, just behave like a young, not-giving-a-shit adult.
I'm going to be whipped if I can't figure this out guys. 
> Imagine every single night being able to connect with and get really physical with about 50 attractive, young women.
Typically people into salsa dancing are not into transhumanism or cyberpunk culture.
Ah, good ol' 610. 63(E for my base). We're all 6469 now, which means promotion is shitty. You're right, though. Backstabbing and laziness runs rampant.
I need to get some Pinot Noir under my belt! I've definitely found that my preference lies towards drier, somewhat punchy reds, with plenty of oak. 
Edit: Very open to suggestions!
edit: Did a bit more reading, I think you are correct
meh dynasty, and dream team 2.0 > being picked. 
No, i'm pretty sure that's what sports games are made for
Just throwing this offer out there, but I'll trade two Origin accounts with Battlefield 3 Limited Edition on both for it. 2 for 1. :)
McCoy definitely got shafted.
The "Before" women must've been awesome, but I'd probably be scared silly to meet one of them.
We can play a QB at one of our flex spots so, rather predictably, everyone plays two QBs.
Nice try, Coca Cola.
Nocerino has 78 pac 81 pas. Not enough?
Maybe someone like Giovinco (92/77) or Marchisio (80/82). Or as suggested in another comment, Di Natale (87/82). He also has some great shot power.
not with vick as qb
If you are going to have a war, you should always have God on your side. That way you don't have to use logic to answer for killing others. 
Nah, that 'Repeats Everything' guy takes that prize.
What?! Drunk people are not allowed to drink?!
Loads of UK University bars do this to liven up a weekday night. You can make some brilliant purchases, but beware, even if it only costs 10p Pernod still tastes like balls
the clouds are good    rest is okay
It's a lot less inconvenient if you have a pressure washer, especially with a feed line. You can just spray! Without one it's hardly worth the effort more than once a month, though. Green, especially dark green, hides dirt really well. 
I'm very happy with how Snoo r2 is coming along. I'll work on implementing the final few features planned for this release, then I plan to spend a couple weeks smashing bugs and cleaning up code. If all goes to plan, I should submit the update for certification around the 20th of October.
It's not necessarily a "good" thing or a "bad" thing. It works for me.
My advice would be to look up leangains and check out his article on intermittent fasting.
Basically, I can eat whenever I damn well want provided I'm getting the calories I need for my goals. Whether I eat some of those calories in the morning or not makes no difference. For me, it makes it easier to control my caloric intake (and the quality of my intake since I don't have time to make something healthy in the morning and would stick to cereal)
It'd help if you hinted it was Family Guy. Not a very well-used quote, AFAIK.
I wasn't being rude at all... :/
Yeah who cares? Medlen hasn't even thrown a perfect game yet.
Holy moly, a Benly 150? Good luck finding those parts... I'd be making friends with your friendly local machinist. 
It's a movie having to do with some weird-assed loop in time. The question the movie asks, that most high school high-ons don't get is this: If you saw a bunch of bad stuff happen to people you love, would you let yourself get killed (crawl into bed to get hit by the jet engine) to change history and spare them?
Relax, they won;t kill him right away. Maybe on the way back
Thank you! I blame a combination of good genetics and healthy lifestyle. I don't deprive myself though. I'm usually a daily wine drinker. Also, if I want cake or potato chips or a burger & fries I have it, just not everyday.
She ran away, filled with despair and grief
I never thought about it, is that how the math works in terms of which gets applied first, the straight damage reduction vs percentage wise damage reduction?
Wow, that's hilarious.  It seems that the only person who's "butthurt" here is the one raging at me for pointing out known facts about this software and calling it an "attack".  I paid for FTL.  It wouldn't exist without myself and many others like myself.  It is acceptable for those of us who paid for this product to discuss it in simple terms.
It is one of the few movies I've ever seen that has (in my opinion) nothing of value other than historical content and its display of the technical skill of its creators. I felt absolutely no connection to the characters, and did not enjoy watching it. If I could, I'd get James Cameron tried in the world court for torture-by-ennui. I do in fact *deny* that it is a good movie, and am a bit offended by the way you phrased that.
Or maybe you could just buy CDS's on certain drinks.. And when those prices fall on those drinks, you get free drinks! 
I guess I'd be that asshole. 
If you do let us know how they are.
Don't feel too bad, the mushrooms/coins/etc are all gifts from the souls of them.
this is not an pm so u might delete it your post;p (correct me if im wrong =p)
EDIT: Added you, waiting for you to accept ;p
Would love to splatter those with my hot cum!
Whereas a hurdy-gurdy is a crank based string instrument and argybargy is when a kerfuffle reaches the pushing and shoving stage.
English English is the Willy Wonka of languages.
*This is historic revisionism.*
Nothing in the linked to article suggests that.
To prove your case take a wikipedia diff of the pages affected on October 18 and October 20 and make your case.
Thanks for replying :) after digging around on google it appears you are correct, 4 random exotic pieces thrown in the forge has a chance to give out this beast.
Also happy cake day.
Wow you look a lot like a gf I had a long time ago.  Her cat definitely looked at me like, "Hey buddy, you are NOT going to do that to my person!"  Belly rubs eventually won him over. 
Great car btw, perfect for girl's night out!
This won't work for most people. While your hot water might be heated to a constant temperature, the temperature of your cold water will most likely depend on the weather and season.
Perhaps if you made a mark in summer and one in winter, you could choose a spot between the two, depending on the time of year?
We know that Tempest is coming to us in December, no exact date though. Before that there's the Resistance Reorganization, which I'm looking forward to.
Also, we don't need a new world. People are already whining on the forums about how Renegades is dead and how it needs a merge. A new world is just more money wasted for Nexon, and if they're smart, they wouldn't bring in a new world.
I'm on again off again with Romero. I appreciate the impact he's had on the genre but I don't really love any of the "of the dead" movies.
The thing will be on the aliens list when I get around to it. If you don't like Mummy or Leprechaun that list probably isn't for you.
No worries! I feel like couples don't communicate through old fashioned letters as much anymore because everyone thinks, "well I could just text them anytime I feel like." Except with that mentality, people kind of take that "instant communication" for granted and they don't end up saying as much "nice things" as they should. 
When you write a letter with the assumption that your partner won't get to read it until later, you put that much more thought into it. And honestly, it is really good in a relationship to tell each other from time to time, "I see your value." 
:)
it's only a ~8hr drive!
Not all hope is lost!
More like the healing factor is connected to his having cancer. Because Deadpool's healing factor is so much stronger than Wolverine's, it's the only thing that stops the healing from going into overdrive and making his body basically become a giant blob of flesh.
Well the whole point of the Pink Knight was that for every download, Behemoth would donate money to breast cancer research. That promotion is over so I guess they are trying to make some money back. It is a different platform and they can do what they want. 
Was in the back of the bus in kindergarden, 5th grader told me to flick off the bus when I walked out.  I raised my middle fingers up the whole way out and got a referral.  Had no idea what a middle finger meant.
Why would it of been better to be in college to learn those things? 
It certainly couldn't be coaching, competition, time to spend on basketball, or money.
Popeyes Jones is a fucking moron, "high finance", you don't learn shit in business school that truly prepares you for the business world.  You learn that in the field either as an entrepreneur or working for a company that will take the time and effort to teach you the things you are paid to do and learn because you proved in college/business school to have the aptitude to succeed and learn quickly on the fly.  If you don't work out, you are cut and its on to the next one.
Explored voyeurism and had sex with my SO in front of a webcam for a very happy man. 
I can't wait till I go to his Clinic in Rochester
The main annoying thing is they act like a woman could walk into court with a crack pipe in one hand and beating their kids with the other and still get custody.  That's not true or how the things work.  You read a story like that once?  Do you know how many divorces take place everyday?
Got any other thing's you could sell?
Why on earth would a developer want to force a player to play 1000 games before they can give them money?
The ongoing complete lack of credible evidence that any god exists.
I know it's a play on Bad Luck Brian, but it should've been Lousy Luck Leon.
This doesn't make much sense. I think the only decent TF player aside from Misaya is jiji and his games seem to be hit or miss
Hair removal products specifically say not to use them on your sensitive areas.  It is possible to get chemical burns.  Id rather use a blade than a chemical.  
Could imagine the pain?
Not to mention the nausea, constipation, crabbiness, cramps, migraines, tender breasts, fatigue, lower back pain, being bloated, craving shitty food, breaking out, having to throw away expensive underwear due to stains because you got caught off guard by your period.
I have all of these symptoms at the moment. I fucking hate my period.
edit: I do know how to clean blood out of my underwear, but it can still ruin a pair if you forget or have an irregular period and accidentally wear white panties. Thanks for all the solutions though!
Its worth going through every bad end just to watch High Sparks Liner.
Arabic, so I can understand what people who hate me irrationally are talking about.
but, thats not a real fox......
Guys, did you miss that? Micheal Young hit a pop fly to center and got on base!
Yeah, pot is something that certainly has a huge culture surrounding it, and of course with places in the States introducing medicinal dispensaries over the last few years, that can only be helping to educate more stoners about strains and the like. If people using drugs such as MDMA took as much interest as stoners do in the quality of their drugs, they would be a lot healthier. 
It's a reference to the TV show Lost; one of the main characters is named Sayid lol
1 club.  you still didn't address the facts, you just went off on a tangentially related issue.  Don't run from the facts.
Dan Hardy we need to hang out!
Thank you for my new Facebook cover photo.
Seriously, Jesus' first miracle was basically a booze run.
Haha I love you too. Lol. And Go right ahead. :)
the service sucks that's why. crazy overrated in my opinion
Sounds cool. Do you have plans to teach english overseas at some point?
The face of the guy behind the dril sgt was equally priceless.
Promimg press, I had an old one that looked almost identical. 
It's using two pc fans and a coolerguys thermal fan controller to cycle air from the minifridge.  It struggled to keep the box cool enough until I beefed up the insulation.  Now its working like a champ.
It's funny how I came here to make a comment simliar to this.
Ill look into this, I doubt they work outside office hours though, which makes it impossible for me to go there. That's why I mailed in my application instead to begin with.
HBO and sexposition. They are wildly fond of it.
I'm actually afraid of that. I hate to imagine going through any sort of rough patches with the person I love. But that's life. 
I feel old.  Get it??
Oh I'm depressed. 
She has better depth perception than YOU.
Reminds me of 2 things, Slender (Looks like the notes) and Coraline (Buttons for eyes).
Who is it/what is it from?
Exactly, there's a huge difference between Skyrim and Just Dance.
Fuck I'm stuck with a glitchy dayz zombie
My phone gives me an alert every time someone gives me a response on reddit.
Give up while you still can.  This is a battle you cannot win.
[I recognize the first image.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvSIArLL9SA&feature=plcp)
Archie - Feathers
Steve looks like a Badass.
This drives home to me how relatively small our community still is. I wonder what's going to happen to this subreddit when Dota 2 is out of beta.
I don't REALLY like giving head... but I thin it's because I am not used to it. my boy friend enjoys it, and that makesme happy, but he's usually really quite during it all, which makes it harder for me to know if i am doing a good job, which makes me all nervous and such.
Which subreddit would you put this?
This thread is for everyone who watched the game. Not just Packers or Saints fans
That's what I am seeing.
No problem! I know I wished stuff like this was around when I was starting to care for my nails. I do really enjoy the Burt's Bees but I've also heard great things about [Lush's Lemon Flutter](http://www.lushusa.com/Lemony-Flutter/9999902361,en_US,pd.html?start=4&cgid=hand-care). Which I am going to try next. 
CND is a polish company. They sell both nail color and treatments. The nail color isn't sold a lot of places. I've seen it at Beauty Brands and Meijer's in the Midwest. You can buy their base/top coats at places like Ulta.
The hulk question is really getting on my nerves. Pain and anger people, two separate things. 
The Princeton Companion to Mathematics.
Like I said its not a bad thing doesn't take away from the FACT that you are sexy. Just different strokes for different folks. Some may like the look some not.  Only advice which you seem to already have is be happy with yourself and fuck the haters 
I see where you're coming from here. I thought the knives were most likely made from marzipan then iced, but it would be a lot less work to bake them in the first place.
The OC Register is a shitty rag that caters to the dumbest common denominator. In their defense, the OC Weekly stopped letting people vote on their "best of"s because the ignorant masses in OC would regularly vote Olive Garden as best Italian and Papa John's as best pizza. 
Sometimes, obvious humor just goes right over my head. 
Feelsdumb.png
Oh. Carry on then.[](/sq12)
I think NFC West has only lost 2 games outside of the division so far...
Also interested, I'm looking to get into having a record player just for shits. What equipment are you using OP?
But Iran/Persia has been Islamic for much longer than ultra conservative right wing demagogues have been in power, which has only been since the late 70s. Prior to that, Iran was a modern and somewhat egalitar... oh, I see. You just wanted to make a "joke" at the expense of Islam, and not make a distinction between mainstream Islam and ultra-right-wing sects that are in political control of Iran. Because you're a disingenuous racist. Got it. 
I sure as hell am, though!
I don't get the hate for it. I downloaded it and listen to it to get ready to workout.
I go:
Land
White
Blue
Black
Red
Green
Artifact
Gold
Hybrid
Foil common/uncommon
Tokens
condom
...always keep a condom...you never know.
You'll probably have to hunt for that or end up in a shady establishment with not a lot amenities. The absolute best way to look for a place to rent anywhere at all in LA is through a site called westsiderentals.com. I'm not schilling for them, I'm not really a fan of them, in fact you'll find not too many people out here are, but they're like the ONLY rental listing out here, a dozen times moreso than even Craigslist. 
That said, I've got a spare bedroom I could possibly short term rent to you while you're looking depending on when you're moving out here and pending roommate review. I'm on 16th between Wilshire and Montana, 90403, if you want to google it. PM for more details. Could help you get localized and all that too. 
It doesn't matter what other mapping services failed to find it. It's still a case where Google did it just fine and Apple was completely useless. And it wasn't in an unknown area, either. It's a perfect example where even accurate maps are made useless by poor search. If you want to find an emergency room, you can't do it with Apple maps.
That was one case with a video already posted. [Here are plenty more examples](http://theamazingios6maps.tumblr.com/), but there's no point linking to them. No matter what examples people post of Apple's maps being worse than Google's, you're just going to dismiss them as trivial cases anyway.
[Oh, and Bing *can* find emergency rooms.](http://www.bing.com/maps/#JnE9LmVtZXJnZW5jeSUyYnJvb21zJTdlc3N0LjAlN2VwZy4xJmJiPTM3LjgxNTAxODU0MzM5ODIlN2UtMTIyLjM0NTgxMTM4MDY4NSU3ZTM3LjcyMDcwODM5NTI5NzglN2UtMTIyLjU2MDM4ODEwMTg3Nw==)
Well then...   First off, I did not once state you were making this up.  I was only reiterating that your line "i simply cannot afford a lawyer at this time." is ridiculous.   I am sure any father in here would gladly go into a small debt if it meant preventing the child from being taken out of their lives.  I can understand your frustration, but that may be taking it a bit too far.   Do you feel better now that you have cursed me out for trying to help?   
What you should be doing is taking that anger, and focusing it toward your goal of keeping your child in your life.  If I were in your position, that would be THE MOST IMPORTANT THING at this point. 
I read the Federalist Papers too, and I disagree with the reasoning. Maybe the college made sense 250 years ago. But not today. The EC is an 18th century idea in a 21st century world that has moved well on. Its time to end it.
And there is [a national vote compact between states that is half way there. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Popular_Vote_Interstate_Compact) I feel it is safe to say this is about to become a big political item soon. I'm only 25, there's a lot of years left in my lifetime. This country is going to be radically different in 40 years time. Who's to say our elections won't be one of them?
ooh awesome, VPS is exactly what im looking for.
That site looked like it had decent options too.
Thanks!
I was very much raised in an environment which taught "sex is wrong".
How else do you reconcile the American love of "abstinence only education"?
People like bandwagons, if the majority of people in a thread dislikes something more people are going to agree with that because that's how peer pressure works. works the other way around too
JUST QUIT AND KILL YOURSELF ALREADY
By that classification, Everyone on Reddit is a hacker!
Why show atheists this? We know this. Show it to people who do not know this. 
It is like first fucking grade all over again.
Someone gifted me with this cheese. I love cheese but I have not eaten a lot of very aged cheeses.
I'm guessing this is an aged cheddar. But I haven't had a chance to ask the source. Anyway, it was nice and stinky, and kind of crumbly when cut into a thin slice, and had a little bit of a blue vein. You can see the hint of blue at the very bottom, just to the left of center.
It tasted very nice. The the blue part tasted as expected – like a bleu cheese. But as I was eating it I noticed the smell of ammonia coming from the plate.
I read that ammonia can appear when the cheese is beyond ripe. I guess I am wondering, if this cheese can, or should, still be eaten.
I am also wondering if the blue part is supposed to be there. And if it is okay to eat that.
And finally, assuming it is safe to eat it, how do I store the remainder?
I can very much relate to this. The 'holier-than-thou' thing is a large problem for me. I don't really complain or talk much, as I see it as futile, but friends often find it weird that I do not talk or *conform* (although that sounds cheesy) to their conversational flow.    
I agree with musedrainfall on that there is a large battle of the ego involved. One really has to be in it for themselves. Not to *make others feel bad*, but just for themselves. It's very, very difficult.
Next time, keep your face out of those kinds of pics.
Are you serious right now. 
Greetings, & thank you for the polite reply.  However, please note that it's kind of rude to assume people here need basic terms explained to them.   And ironically, your use of "dysphoria" was incorrect: you meant "gender dysphoria."  
Anyways, thank you for your answer.  However your answer is very vague & lacking in specific details.  (Maybe that's how it feels to you. . .)  
Can you explain your feelings any more specifically?
Have a nice day.
>She might have wanted to be darth vader and he was like "Bitch you'll be a princess and like it!".
I giggled.
ADA or as its called now days Universal Design, isn't just for people in wheelchairs. A person with a cane or limited mobility that can still walk will need those handrails. Also after a certain height you need a guardrail to be to general code, not just ADA. That ramp is there because the others aren't to code for ADA, they are too steep. The rule is for every 12" of run (horizontal distance), you cannot have more than a 1" change in height. You also have to have a landing after a certain distance, the number escapes me at the moment.
I came to the comments for the definition.  Was really hoping to learn about Trex's and their natural habitat...
I don't bitch, but I honestly dislike them and think that they actively hurt immersion and my overall enjoyment. I would be happy if they would just stop adding them. 
oh >.> I just joined this subreddit yesterday, so I'll be abit more cautious 
i live in NA and last year i had to watch season 1 finals at 4 am
and you didnt see me crying.
I've tried to keep a similar list ... though it is more about avoiding rereading books.
But, since I've got a lousy memory, I usually forget to note the books.
Don't do it. This actually prints out a CD of the song you are listening to. 
Like arrays, Strings in Java are zero-based. What this means is that the first position in a string is position zero, the next is position one, then two and so on. When looking at the last character in a string using the charAt method, the index will actually be the length of the string minus one.
So, in your code above, you would want
    char Letter = A.charAt(i-1);
Actually, you'd be better off with 
     int i= len - 1;
And then 
    char Letter = A.charAt(i);
Now, your assignment requires that you use a for loop, so here's another hint. When you are using a for loop, you'll want to start with the length minus one and count down to 0. 
Have fun!
Hey guys here is a detailed walkthrough of the patchnotes from my perspective.  I try to talk about how I think each hero will change, and how their standing in the competitive scene will be effected.  Hope you guys enjoy.
P.S. I'll be streaming some games tonight, maybe try my hand at commentating a recent star ladder game or something.
a swarm of bees...
fuck.
It's likely more the self-medicating in addition to medications that may not be working as they are supposed to, as often happens with bipolar disorder.
It's very simple, women get less wet when they're nervous, and sexually inexperienced people are more likely in general to be nervours. Just give it time and make an effort to be calm and patient with her so that she can get used to sex and start to enjoy it more.
I've been told they tend to get more racial "shit" from other black people than white.  Just in my friends experience at least
There are only a few exceptions, specific games from valve pack and orange box being two of them.
I *know* I could. I got my degree 16 years after I graduated from high school to shut people up. With that much space between high school and college, I learned basically nothing I hadn't learned in the workforce. I resent that silly piece of paper every day. 
Like shit on my monitor (its all stretched out)
can someone explain how counter-rotating platters makes the music sound better? I'm sure it has something to do with torque cancellation, but does it really affect reproduction?
As of a few years ago, for the convenience of switchers. It's officially called the Option key and is represented by the schematic symbol of a switch.
Not that it really matters. The Command key is the one OS X uses in conjunction with Tab.
I can just about smell the air!
Damn, this is a cool chant.
Only loss i can think of that i put down to him was against Bayern a couple of years ago where he got a red.
Which fic is this
What's your favorite movie?
I have some questions:
* Is it a public or private school?
* What does the official dress code say about pictures, symbols, and text on clothing?
* Have you ever gone so far as ever to need more to do look more like?
No problem. Anything to help a fellow Redditor.
I remember I found his new show a few years ago but forgot where it was located. Thanks!
Isn't the cost of living also a lot higher in Australia?
Think about everything you want him to be doing and then do it yourself. AND, what helped me was to think of things like dishes and yard work as gifts for my partner instead of a pain in the ass for me. I read the book 29 Gifts and it totally changed my perspective on relationships and give and take!!
Oh, is that a good thing?
Cool, I'm building a laser rifle and courier's duster, i might post pics
not sure why you're being downvoted; you're totally right. When people "just run out of it" it's a bug. I'm pretty sure it only happens when they are moving fast enough that the wall comes down on their model and they can glitch through. It's not like you can just ult someone, then they use ghost, then walk right through it.
Oh.  Oh my Peezuz.  They've banned so many people that might help; that want to help.
They could have satisfied this doubt with one line of dialogue.  What if, when she turned to face the Doctor (turning her back to the angel), Amy glanced down at the gravestone and said "Ha, there's my name there now."
[Spoiler] The problem I had with it was this: That species forced the better part of a lifetime worth of memories into Picard. Only 25 minutes passed in the real world. When he came back, he would have barely remembered anyone on board. He would have had to relearn all controls and procedures on the Enterprise. He lived a virtual existence for longer than he was alive in the real world. I would have held a grudge against that species for forcing that upon me. Why not just have a copy of the accumulated knowledge etc. on that probe instead? They decided it was better for one and only one (the probe would not transmit after releasing Picard) person to live a life as a member of their species in a small village on one part of their planet? Seems like a bad way to inform future people's about their existence. 
to be honest we dont know how powerful his nirvash is. all we know is that its bigger, better looking and doesnt need a board to fly. 
I wasn't in a high school garage band, but my friend and I (while in the British Museum on our trip to Europe) decided that if we make a band, we will be *The Jolly Sarcophagi.* And we shall carry around our guitars in sarcophagus-shaped cases!
Pi kapp here at indiana.  holla
Pam. Smells like cake. Does not taste like cake.
I work, he stays home, I build/DIY around the house, he pulls the weight on housework most of the time (although I'm getting better at doing my share). You know, gender role reversal. 
Have you ever looked to see what is using so much RAM? Firefox is notorious for memory leaks, causing all of the issues that you list. 
Then again, if you're rocking 26 tabs in Chrome I don't think that there's a browser that will possibly *not* leak memory. 
May I ask why you need so much open? Not judgmental or anything, just curious. 
I already thought about this idea, and although it would be interesting from time to time for well-known developers, I would never continuously watch a stream past the initial curiosity.
I'd rather watch concise, straight-to-the-point videos of someone doing something I need to learn (ex: railscasts).
who is this girl?
If a player leaves after 5 minutes, the API reports him as a leaver, but the game does count... So it's not a matter of the API being wrong (in this cases at least), it simply doesn't clearly show what you want to know, so we try to figure it out based on what it does tell you.
I wish man, this shit is ridiculous.  At this point it looks like we should have just went with thigpen.  
I'll take one. It's late and I'm about to go to bed, so I'll give you my FC tomorrow.
Did your mother have to die so you could make it authentic?
[Smile and nod, just smile and nod.](http://i.imgur.com/MJh42.jpg)
I'm not sure how big your school is but did you deck it out completely or are there some parts closed off and a specific path that people go through to get through the haunted house?
Also, did you theme everything yourselves? As in, did you just do zombies and people with weapons and things or do you have people based from movies like Jason or others?
And finally, is this an open school that you are attending this fall? If so, how do you keep the haunted house stuff there while school is in session without things getting messed up or stolen?
Im a cat. Any uncomfortable spot anywhere, i will make it my mission to make it comfy.
I want this cat
Your account is bad, and you should feel bad.
I don't think it's a little known fact, it's been covered all over gaming press. Their reasoning is that it helps to know what you're selling. 
A lot of stores aren't doing this any more. However, if you do get a pre-opened copy of the game (you really should know, they hand it to you and it's not hard to tell), just check the disc. If it's damaged, the employee will have to buy that copy. If you aren't happy with the product at the time of sale, you can always say so...
Source: Friend is an ASM.
Wow. I think I'm in love with Yoda. No yapping? Perfecto! 
Haha never heard of Jack off January! Does every month have some sort of sexual add-on?
Upcoming Lee Sin skin: Lisa Sin, now with 100% more boobs.
http://crown3ds.com/ come around when the 3DS first came out, but has been at 72% with no updates or response for awhile. That's the closest thing we have to a flashcard that will play 3DS roms.
I like lurking when I have a bad day...sometimes I`m not cheery enough to pop in and comment but all the kindness here makes me feel better regardless.
They can fly?!?!? TIL *faceplam*
[.](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/q6w8q/a_peacock_in_flight/c3v8kwq "I am a bot!")
nice bong man.  love the colors at the bottom
Although I do not agree with the practice, I am uncomfortable with any legal body *banning* a simple therapeutic process.
They would have been laughed out of the Renaissance fair in Texas.
I think Greg Knapp is pretty awesome and you should keep him
doesn't 7-11 sell disposables? 
Did zz1tai really say that China is not good at DotA?
That guy really likes the music I'm playing. 
My three year old niece has that same hat!
I agree and disagree.
(-) Farts are unsatisfying and feel more...wet. Ech.
(+) Clean-up is a breeze. Would you ever be satisfied with the cleanliness of anything else fibrous by wiping it with a dry tissue?
umm he isn't talking about the burn out he is referring to the end of the video were the rider almost high sides a couple of times and then starts riding it like a dirt track bike due to the rear end sliding so much. 
Wait, what? You're fine with words changing meaning, but don't like when people talk about words changing meaning? That is what you just wrote. 
Moving on, while I see your point, the fact of the matter is that ANYTHING can be offensive if the wrong person is saying it in the wrong way. "Dude, do be so... white." "Ted, that shirt looks totally Canadian." "BURN ALL MUSLIMS!"
Wait, that last one actually is offensive...
Agreed. It would make more sense to put a business like Walmart on the platform. I can't just stop having Obama as my president, but I can stop shopping at Walmart. 
Dynamite Night. [I thought it sounded pretty cool.](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-1BukhyjynO4/UFuFTrLnEqI/AAAAAAAABoI/gKvxZtyOXjo/s400/ReggieShrug.gif)
>I learned that if you're not really in a relationship, there's no need to have a breakup. No one is entitled to anyone else's time and attention, especially in the early days of casual dating.
I may be entirely inexperienced in dating and what actually happens in practice... but looking from the outside in this is what I think. It could also be that being male affects my viewpoint.
It seems to me that **both people have taken time** out of their lives to make time for the other, even if just for one date. Both people are looking for someone to become emotionally connected to, and first impressions weren't terrible if the date happened at all; so both people are taking the chance that the other might be someone they could fall in love with.
If person A wasn't an obvious asshole/creeper, just someone person B didn't happen to hit it off with, then yes, I do think the uninterested party owes person A the half a minute it might take to tell them they're not interested. Person B might be disenchanted, but on the chance person A isn't, ignoring them is rather mean. Person B ignoring person A as if he did not commit any time to her is disrespectful, it's... it's like she refuses to acknowledge that person A ever might have thought of her romantically, and refuses to acknowledge that she herself ever entertained the idea of being with person A; like she created a fantasy world where they've never met person A and she affords him as much respect.
I doubt most men would have let it get to them, but in all honesty, just ignoring someone in that situation is immature and rude, spineless and belittling... And in doing so person B has robbed person A of learning from the experience, rendering the entire affair a hurtful waste of time.
Walked into a wall like ed from ed edd n eddy
Really, we do not know God's true reason for this. However, we do know that God gives us all free choice. This basically means that although God knew about the apple, he still gave Eve the choice to accept it or not. (Think of it as if you gave milk to a lactose intolerant person, you know they wouldn't accept, but they still have the choice to really do it.) 
When God calls out to them in the Garden, I'm not sure why exactly, but my theory is he may be giving them the opportunity to confess their sins. When he says "What is this you have done?" I feel it may be similar to an earthly father asking his son what he did when there is crayon drawings on the wall. He knows what the son did, but still asks as if to nudge his son to confess his wrongs. 
I hope I helped(:
You can turn the treb before the match starts and do the bugged shot at the roof you mentioned. But I think most teams just do it because you don't have anything else to do.
Dude What the fuck!...upvote
It's all good! But those are about as useful as drysuits, they still offer no maneuverability. I'd rather be cold in my lightning wetsuit then be warm and flipped because I couldn't get under the boom
I like the way you explained that, thanks for the advice.
Not gonna lie, I watched this until I got a good look at each pic! Ha
But they were showing it on a 5 second delay, as is the usual protocol. They had enough time to register what happened and cut away before showing it on television. So they, as well as all of the major media companies, should be criticized for this. 
As in spicy oil?
Hey, how come you removed yr video?
Upvote for my fellow crazies!!!!!
I can take my shirt and bra off with one hand.
what if i told you, your dad masturbates
I need this to be mine.
If she goes out of her way to inform you that she has no plans, I'd take it as a hint.
-Random Guy
What pas or amp/pa combos do you suggest?
he forgot to take the gloves off after hitting the gym between FGs... buff kicker jealousy
God is not impressed by obligation, he is not impressed by how much you pray everyday, God is impressed by faith (Jesus and the Centurion story). 
Believe that he will help you. My theory about God is he works through his "servants." So go out and find another doctor, i know you probably have, but do some more research about your condition, you might just stumble upon your answer. "Seek and ye shall find"
Personal Story: My sister had chronic stomach problems no one could figure out. She went to doctor after doctor and found her cure to be in what she ate. 
Protip: take probiotics and stop eating wheat and dairy (these foods have been genetically modified to produce more but are slightly different from the original seeds, causing problems in some people, they dont have a name for it yet, i think its what you have). 
He would have fit right in on Reddit.
I will grief your enemies if you give it to me!
I'll be sure to specify next time, anyway. No hard feelings over here, man.
I plan on lasering when i get more money.
This seems like a good suggestion - to focus on the small things that can bring me some joy/peace. I read an AMA the other week from a 22 year old boy who was going to be homeless soon. It felt like a smack in the face. Here I am with a roof over my head, my health, my family and all the other perks I have.....and this poor boy was planning on a life without anything but himself. It made me quite reflective and I felt really silly and trite. 
Thank you so much for the beautiful words of encouragement - reading that made me feel a little spark inside and it felt very good. I'm flattered that my strengths are visible thru something like Reddit, and I feel warm from that knowledge. 
=) Thank you from the bottom of my heart. 
Unfortunately it's already traded, I'm sorry:(
I wish the pee stream were animated too. :(
Thanks for the tip, but that doesn't really help my quest. 
We intended to use this subreddit to let script writers know when we're making major changes to the CSS...I guess Siam the Spam Shredder didn't like our idea.
Just drink, will ya?
To err is human, to moo bovine.
I'll take it, add me in game: Neruma Mostly reside in channel 4 but can be flexible if needed.
Ehh, morally I'm okay with either.
"I wish I had some friends. I really wish I had friends who watch Doctor Who. But I don't."
Why do you think all of us are here? :)
Morde is still able to go 1v5 if he's fed *enough*. Definitely easier than most other champs.
I'd go about... Hmm. A minute back in time and punch myself in the stomach and scream 'DON'T YOU FUCKING DARE! PUT THAT BURGER DOWN!'
J'ai vomi un petit peu dans ma bouche...
I don't think you understand what that phrase means.
I sure hope so. 
I don't even want to think how badly you could fuck up a finger with a slip of one of *their* chisels. Shit is crazy. You probably won't even feel the tip of the finger flying away from your hand. 
Hey man, don't go and insult people for no good reason. He...she... Fuck.
not that there's anything wrong with that
Wha... that makes no sense at all. As for research, a quick Google search proves your original statement to be completely wrong.
It shouldn't. China relies rather heavily on foreign aid from America, owns only a tiny portion of our debt, has a terrible school system(they teach to the test, and only to the test), and growing unrest in the populace portends something interesting. 
science is controversial, he's a sort of scientist
Can someone help explain to me what this lets me do?
Well since people are begging mojang to release 1.4 since it is "finished" now. I am not so hopeful. :(
This made me cringe so uncomfortably just reading it. 
Oh God why...
Yes because virgins Pussy looks like three hands have been in it
Women are so beautiful. I could never be homosexual. Unless I was a woman. 
One in Paris too. Fucking sucks. It's cool when premium liquor is less than regular, but the lowest price for a beer is still like 9 euros for a pint (high even for paris).
When the microwave just doesn't heat up my food well enough. 
Undue Influence by Steve Martini
So that new car commercial IS about you!
My roommate needs Eli Manning and the Bears D/ST to get about 73 more points than Victor Cruz to win this week
I've made something [similar](http://i.imgur.com/V0dP8.png)... except with BATMAN RAINBOW
[Here is how I feel](http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3r56fw/)
Better question, what kind of adult/teenager mocks a 7th grader? 
I did the same thing, good rule of thumb for the internet is that if you think you're the only one, you're dead wrong.
What would compel them to do otherwise?
Good thing that wasn't happening, then?
I still don't see how it makes one lick of difference. Who's going to check to make sure I'm shooting said 9mm out of my carbine or not? It's not like they send out people to follow up on how my ammunition is being expended. Hell, I could just be buying it and leaving it sit around forever.
At first I went at it just to please him, but since then, I have really gotten to enjoy the whole thing. I want to do it so often that he sometimes tells me no. :D I only moan sometimes and most of that is to help me get it down my throat, which I have been consistently able to do the last 5 or 6 times. It does however get me really horny. :)
I just lost my shit laughing.
Fuck, me too. It was almost worse because I didn't start going until I was maybe 6-8. That and Sunday school. I did shit all and just sat and read my book. I ended up being held back several 'grades' because of it. Why should I care? It didn't *mean* anything.
My parents didn't let me stop going until high school. It was awful.
I didn't really think you were being racist... just a bit off on your perception that only white kids are into those rage face memes... even if you go to hispanic websites you see kids throwing around those same memes and rage races... All I was trying to say is they are pretty mainstream and cross-cultural at this point.
Also, I would say its more likely a black person would wear something with a loud gaudy pattern like that, more so than a whiteboy unless he is a wigger... so I'm just as guilty as being "racist" really...
Sorry I didn't mean to come off as attacking you, just thought you were off on your observation that its weird a black person would wear that...
You're not going to do the same thing to me the football team did, are you?
Let’s assume for a minute the plan is revenue neutral (which is debatable until we see what credits and exemptions get cut).  Then what good is it going to do? No more money will be getting into the economy. And if the cuts are weighted towards the rich then that will mean even more transference of wealth from the lower to upper classes. Increasing income inequality due to the decline of unions, monopolization, outsourcing, deregulation, privatization and more regressive taxation is the main cause of our crappy economy and high unemployment.
Precisely the reason why the colors are in place to [REDACTED]
I see. I ask mostly because I've been trying to figure out how to balance centralization/efficient organization/unity and personal faith/relationship (Community vs Association). Christian Anarchism seems to stress community, but that will inevitably leave it open to disunity as people disagree over, say, doctrines, or church finances. etc. Don't leaders need authority to stop fractures?
Their is a bar like this in Kalamazoo MI called the Beer Exchange and it is nice to get beer really cheap
Look up Leostereo's Team Fortress 2 skins; they're the best imo
Majora's Mask scared the ever-living fuck out of me.  I never did finish it myself.  I watched my friend beat it, and it gave me the willies.
>>• Monetary requests can only be made by ACTIVE accounts of 90 days or older - All accounts can still ask for advice, votes, jobs, food, and for essentials, used items and bona fide charity sites (such as MDA charity walks).**
Does "ACTIVE" mean on /r/assistance itself or just an active account? Also, does Active apply to a single account or could it be an accumulative amount of time between accounts? 
I don't know, but they all ride like absolute cunts in the UK.  
 Aid is important by the dollar amount given, not the ratio. The United States give more money in aid than the bottom 15 on a list of 23 countries.  Sweden gives 23 billion dollars less a year than the US
Can't find one on my phone, but here's a picture of the photo we have of him on the wall. 
http://i.imgur.com/Bi4Kk.jpg
Save time and money, write Ron Paul on a scrap of paper and throw it in the trash.
Last Diversion
We even had a [logo that we thought was amazing](http://i.imgur.com/swK1F.jpg).
I'm nothing like a religious zealot. Anyone that believes in god is very stupid.
You mean ignorant simplifications like this comment which replied to me:
>That's why we all hear about islamic women stoning men. Right.
Oh, I see. Thanks for replying so quick lol. Time to charge my phone so I can flash
O my god this sucks so bad. I just want one win dammit!!!!
I do not care for his music. But kudos for perservation!
In this thread: 14!!1!
Yeah but it was buried in their video list before they re-uploaded it. And i'm surprised people still watch any of their videos, not really any new content.
OoT DS is cheap when playing OoT.  I heard there is a quickswitch on the boots and that makes me sad.  So many switches in the water temple :(
Dont fret your a fine young lass others will surely come surely.
> No one should be in their late 20s (assumed) and this ignorant.
Almost everyone that I know, and I run with a fairly learned crowd.
> It's essentially another 'proof point' against the idea of democracy,
It may sound harsh, but I think people need to be told "You don't know a fucking thing" more often.
The idea that everyone's opinion is valid is a silly one. If you are uneducated on a topic (say particle physics) then your opinion on the matter is most likely stupid.
While I wouldn't want to exclude people from voting, I'd certainly like to see (somehow) a way in which people can be challenged to understand their knowledge limitations before they vote. I do not know how this could/should/would be done, but hopefully you guys understand what I am saying.
Seems kinda biased towards the Giants early.  Let me speak for Eagles fans:  **BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**
> 1.0.5 is nerfing Vault
Yes and no; the TOC rune is getting hit (which according to his profile he doesn't even use), but vault in general is actually getting a buff in that it will now act as a jailbreak (making it easier to drop SS from your bar). I agree with your general premise though that legacy nats will likely take a hit in utility as the amount of discipline most DH use will probably be going down.
Shoulders, weapon, and bracers do seem like the cheapest non-jewelry upgrades for him at the moment.
The defense definitely didn't impress me, but it was really nice seeing the offense get their shit together. 
A few blown calls here and there *maybe* made it closer than it should have been. Saints played real well though.
Kbrad just sent infiltration to loser's bracket, damn!
dat feel.
I'm the 2nd highest scoring team in the league, dead last for scoring against (or number 1 depending on how you look at it) and I'm 1-2 looking at 1-3. My average is 130 a week with 1 ppr and 6 pt / any TD. Really good team with really shitty luck. My opponents always put up beast mode numbers.
I am honored. I have saved that picture to my phone, and shall cherish it forever.
> but we all know what can happen to a girl
Well, honestly, that's not limited to girls either
Edit: In retrospect, not a super great comment. Thanks to [beeblez](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/10q85w/ok_reddit_heres_a_question_what_is_one_thing_that/c6frwqs) for pointing it out
Giants fans are annoying as fuck they need to stop typing inane messages in this thread
I hate to be "that" guy, but how about we keep memes off /r/miamidolphins?
Search is a great tool.
I think they either starve or dehydrate to death.  My son put one in a jar with a wet paper towel and it lived for about 3 days before it died.  I have no idea where a boxelder tree is around here to find leaves for him.
I'd rather make a shovel than diamond armor, diamond armor makes you pretty much invincible, and makes it boring.
Mhh.. Looks to me like he's actually aiming for kuba and all the islands there... Maybe he just wants to help the ppl in guantanamo...  
>after the polio outbreak among un-vaccinated kids in Scotland, 
Hmm... you mean this one?
>There have been no cases of indigenous wild type polio in the UK for over 15 years now. The last notification of polio in Scotland was in 1994, and was vaccine-associated paralytic poliomyelitis, rather than derived from wild type virus. **The patient had been in close contact with a recent recipient of oral polio vaccine.**
http://www.hps.scot.nhs.uk/immvax/poliomyelitis.aspx
Oh wait, you can't have meant that one because the **vaccination caused it**!
>The 1999 European guidelines banned the use of bovine materials in the manufacture of injectable medicinal products in countries where there were known cases of BSE.
>**The MCA said Medeva's assurances that no such materials were used in the process had proved inaccurate.**
>Calf foetuses from the UK were used to make the vaccine, and while officials insist the vCJD risk to patients is "incalculably small", it is recalling all remaining stocks as a precaution.
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/scotland/981716.stm
Oh joy! The polio vaccine might give you polio... or mad cow disease. Do you really trust giant faceless corporations to mandate what you put in your body? If you do, you're a fucking idiot.
Funnily enough, I have mentioned this to one or two girls and it's been met with a positive response. I think a lot of girls really like it if someone can make them laugh and is seen to not take themselves too seriously/are able to shake embarrassing stuff off. Either that, or the girls I end up hooking up with have such a low sense of self-worth than they don't think they're too good for Mega Sting. Who knows...
I do allow it! I love when people set up situations that let me gain the smug satisfaction of being right on the internet by stating the plainly obvious.
Muv-Luv VNs are glorious.  Not really anything like TE though.
Interesting fact, I read somewhere that when Persia was predominantly Zoroastrian, it was extremely homophobic and when Islam replaced Zoroastrianism there was an explosion of homoerotic artwork. Meaning that at that time (and possibly just that place) Islam was actually pretty tolerant of Homosexuality.
Easier said than done.
"As God is my witness, I thought turkeys could fly."
If you want to help people, don't become a social worker. Become a useful, productive person that makes products to improve the lives of millions.
This isn't an answer you're likely to hear from others. I fully expect some downvotes too, just because Reddit hates reality. The truth is, the thing that helps people the most are the innovations that make their lives richer, like refrigerators or washing machines.
I'm willing to bet that Deb ends up killing Dexter and the show gets renamed to "Debra". 
Homosexuals threaten to ruin marriage and adopt innocent children.
It comes out tomorrow for U.S. Not sure about anywhere else.
Dropped stitches causing me to rip back entire rows to fix. 
He's subject to the rules of the organization he's violating. Which means he gets kicked out. It's like showing up at a guy's only night out with your girlfriend and getting angry that your friends are ticked off.
hahahaha I think I will get there.. I enjoy the feeling of having a beer with friends and just chill and talk but I don't have a beer that I like, I usually drink it along with the hard liquor during the night hahaha have you seen my question? I guess you're the only one around here, do you think you could answer it?
Well, think about it.  I got shown how to wipe when I was, what 4 or 5?  Most kids are probably the same.  When you are kid, pretty much the easiest option is to stand, there isn't a lot of coordination skills at that age and the lift-wipe combo that apparently most people use does take some finesse.
Your life is incredibly short. On a universal level, you are barely a flash in the pan. I find worth in improving the lot of mankind through science, and improving my own understanding of this incredible universe. 
Your knowledge may fade but if you do something magnificent, it will linger in the hearts and minds of all people to follow. For so long as humanity is alive, some part of you might remain as an influence, even long after people have forgotten your name.
Do something great or do something small, it can all have a profound impact in the end.
This is the most awesome gimmick I've ever heard of, I wish I could play!
I have always hated looking at my reflection directly in the eyes..
I think Star Trek in the past has worked best on the small screen. The new movie was perfect on the big screen, though. Whereas 1-10 were trying to tell a long-form story in a short story form, the new movie used a plot that didn't get bogged down with the details. It wasn't as complicated as the other movies, which is part of why I loved it so much. Leave the complex character development and worldbuilding to the TV. That's what it's for. 
You don't think that driving a train that runs over somebody won't cause psychological trauma? Especially if such an event happens once every 3-4 months (per driver)?
also artist rendering of ancient warrior.
> Why on earth should the government and courts have to waste their time with this bullshit?
... Because some people believe it. Often those trying to use this nonsense are as much victims as anyone else, being duped into paying for information that may lead them into serious trouble.
The second reason is that now there is a fairly comprehensive source for why it is all nonsense (at least in Canada), so if anyone tries to use any of this again, the Court/lawyers can just point to this decision.
Plus, as noted in the judgment, while the words etc. used are nonsense, that doesn't mean there isn't a real issue beneath them (in this specific case, a divorce settlement), and the Court should at least try to examine it.
Annyong. Is it me you're looking for?
I wouldn't say its 100% your fault. After all your client went with it as the final design even though you just gave it as an example not as your own work. I would contact the original designer sooner than later just so you don't forget, or look shady. The longer you wait to admit to something the worse it makes you look.
Oh okay could you explain?
Hi Adam!! Love the show thanks for doing this. Would you guys ever consider doing a show on alternate medical products. Like the foot bath machine to remove toxins?
I have the case. 
I like diagnostics stuff. We could learn about the 5 exhaust gases and what they mean and do (I forgot the details, shame on me).
Oh, you could discuss some of this weeks/months/quarters more intrigueing posts. Maybe go over the intitial problem, then try to contact OP to see what his solution was. Compare to our advice for him.
Praise a contributor for some insightfull posts.
Maybe a piece on some weekend project the listener could take up on their vehicle. Something like a walkthrough on how to do a timing belt on the DOHC subaru motors. Everyone loves those.
You seem pretty similar to me in terms of your CFS. I had mono too, and I am also a university student. Most experts believe that CFS is many different conditions, so when taking advice, make sure their symptoms are similar to your own.
'Pacing' seems to be the most effective treatment for mono-induced CFS.
It sounds like you can still do a fair amount of activity without becoming housebound. If I were you, I wouldn't give up too much. You feel tired and that sucks, but it wont get any better by resting. One of the defining symptoms of CFS is fatigue that doesn't improve with rest.
I read in your last post that you sometimes have trouble sleeping. Try melatonin, I find the slow release ones work best. A normal sleeping schedule is in my opinion one of the most important things you can do to manage your fatigue. Also, I find that going for a walk in the morning (~30 mins after waking up) can help. Also, when you wake up, get up out of bed, have breakfast and a shower. Try to avoid caffeine, even tea! I find I am much more sensitive to caffeine these days. Also, avoid naps if you can! They can really screw up your sleeping pattern.
I really messed myself up by doing the wrong things when I first got sick. I kept trying to do too much when I felt okay, and then just lay around on the couch all day when I was feeling too tired to do anything. I tried to keep up rowing and netball (oops!!). My advice is to not give up too much. I ended up housebound for several years because I cut out too much, and only now (over 5 years!) am I finally resistant enough to go back to University.
I've found the most important thing with pacing is to do the same amount of activity each day. Saving up energy for the weekend or a special event does not work! It just adds to the horrible cycle of boom and bust.
Try to eat at the same time every day. Low GI foods are the best. Try to avoid sugar and processed foods if you can.
Do some exercise, I found that walking, weight lifting and yoga/pilates have been the best for me. Pretty much any low impact, slow exercise.
Something no one ever told me is that you will always feel tired. There is always a 'baseline' of tiredness. You have to learn to recognise different levels of fatigue. 
When you get a cold, flu, infection or other illness, rest up. But learn to recognize when that has passed, so you can get back to your routine.
Don't cut out too much. A week or two is not long enough for your body to adjust. I usually give new treatments ~3 months before I decide to cut or keep them. It's a lot harder to add things to your life when you have CFS than it is to never give them up.
TLDR; Don't cut out, just make sure your days are virtually the same. Eat well, sleep well.
Don't be sorry. Namor's a total man-whore.
And I'm being flocked by swallows!
I have chromium installed but I think there is some debate regarding one of the dependencies and its license status. That's why it's not included in the Trisquel repos.
I'm gonna try that cold stare and see if it works for me.
is this that coffee shop looking place on lake and bryant?
But it's okay cause you can go back to the store where you circle the parking lot looking for a space to park. Then battle your way through tourists on your way to the customer service desk where a grumpy employee makes you feel like its your fault the piece is missing. 
> they fucked up Maps **for me**
sorry to hear that
for me, Apple adding turn by turn and Siri integration are huge advantages over the previous version
so which one of us is right
Human beings are the problem
I'd love to pull some of this with some Christian friends who reject evolution.
Alroit Dan 'oove come a l'ong way, I'd save 'f I w's 'oo!
What about the boss mobs?
Our city is pretty badass...
Thanks! I'll try and get them as close to 9 as possible.
[Out in Asia these were popular doodads that people could attach to their phones. I'm thinking about getting one for my Vita. They are essentially charms with microfiber cloth on one side stuffed with a soft material like cotton or something.](http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=screen+cleaner+charm)
> if that behavior is sexually aberrant
Already you're showing your bias; there's nothing to indicate that homosexuality is harmful or a choice--despite its ability to make certain people feel "icky".
> The child must perceive this as state encouragement to continue in aberrant sexual behavior.
No, the child would perceive forced therapy by their parents to be a *discouragement* though, no doubt.  For one, the treatment is shown to have little or no efficacy while causing a lot of harm.  And second, it takes a neutral position on homosexuality.  It doesn't encourage nor discourage it.  Now I'm not saying that I necessarily support the idea of government stepping in and preventing people from making idiotic decisions; I'm just arguing that it's by no means an encouragement of homosexuality.
With each passing day you will always know more about the world because you'll have experienced more things occurring within it, even if you just sat in an empty room.
I'm being pedantic though, as much as I agree with the whole quote it's quite dull and not particularly inspiring. Certainly not enough for a dramatically framed photograph superimposed onto space.
How did you know?
yea. hit delete. it wont delete. new to reddit... I can still come back to this link and its still here just with a "posted by [deleted]" :(
What the hell else would you call them?
I love what you're about, brother.  Keep up the good work.
Lesbian porn for me. 
I appreciate these posts to shine light on those who are just karma whoring. But for something called karmadecay I really wished It was sorted so I could see some sort of trend.
Read the article. This guy actually lived in the Third Reich and served in the SS. I'll take his word about the Third Reich over a liberals.
it's always the fat people doing that, cause at this point they have no shame left...so why not just take a shit where you stand ?
Funny story that was the video I was watching when I saw this one in the side bar on youtube.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFUlAQZB9Ng
Federally it's not an issue, I don't know TX law.
The fast travel stations you see at places that have a Yellow globe above them are one way stations, you can fast travel away from them but not to them if that makes sense.
that is really good, good job needs more upvotes 
No I'm looking for a little more then just a bud
I laughed. I cried. That was WONDERFUL!! Thank you so much for finding this, Ms_Cheerilee. 
[](/c02)
Sorry to say (I'm still on your side), but a slightly swollen tongue is not lethal... Unless it was far back in the throat.
awesome! i'm in southern sydney, i'll have to get down there and have a look sometime
Glucose is what is commonly used in your body for energy. Your liver either has it processed to be used by your cells via Insulin(this lowers your glucose levels), or it is forced out via a hormone called Glucagon (this allows cells to consume free floating glucose in your blood stream). Your muscles will always have it's own,independent, source of glucose that will *never* be used by any other force inside the body. However that is for short term use, the muscles in your body while at rest, will consume fat, assuming you keep using your muscles, and then resting. As far as excess calories go, everything is either pretty much turned into the three macronutrients, Protein, Carbs, Fat. Protein can be turned in glucose, but this isn't beneficial because it is usually broken down from muscle first and goes through a series of reactions to become energy, by which your body has almost broken even just to create that energy. Carbs are useful because it will support much of your body (brain, organs, muscle tissue), but excess usage will be turned into fat. Your fat container can hold up to IIRC 200x the amount it's given. It is highly efficient in this area. Muscle can be used as energy, but it is never explicitly stored as such. Either items are excreted or stored for later usage. Muscle requires energy to be made and sustained and if not used, it will waste away. 
TL;DR: Everything turns into fat or excreted.
I guess the irony of him complaining about a liberal media bias while appearing on Fox News was lost on him. 
Where/how do you get that?
In 4th grade, I faked my mom's signature to get out of GT class; I was so shocked when they saw past my clever ruse.
It's straight out of the deepest, darkest recess of the internet.
I blame Woody, put a product on the field (no gimmicks) win some games, and the fans will come. 
Walthamstow high street, a ton of shops. My friends who sew and make clothes all go there and I generally buy fabrics for photo backgrounds there.
I say that because it was just a simple question which only required a simple response, but I'm glad so many people seemed to take interest in the topic.
If you like this but don't read George Orwell--not 1984 or Animal Farm...but his Essays and other books--you really should.
I'm so whipped I noticed how nice her eyebrows look.
I uploaded this same thing about 4 months ago but it's still funny as hell to me so let the karma flow.
"Bro" as in short for "Brother", as in someone you are close to, as in a good friend or a nice guy.
Every time I think I've figured out something in FF I quickly learn that it's still just a giant crap shoot. Ce la vie. 
I question your judgement and sanity in thinking that this is a cohesive argument.
Thank You....I always fuck that one up. 
I was curious about a lot of those. I'm no longer curious. I'm going to go curl into a ball and cry.
You may have described me a bit for your childhood and it isn't the best. Any tips how to get out of that? please?
ELO HELL IS WHERE I GET ALL MY SKIN/IP-REDUCTION UPDATES AT!
True.  Jim Brown dominated the mid 50's to mid 60's, Walter Payton had the mid 70's through mid 80's, Barry Sanders had the 90's, and LaDainian Tomlinson had the 2000's.  
It is too bad Barry and LT never got Super Bowl rings.  They are players, though, who don't need one to be recognized as great.
Makes me think of [this guy.] (http://imgur.com/kGwLm)
Jumbo packs are better. Recruit is more of a last resort if you're short of a jumbo pack
This has probably been asked 20 times today. Use the search function please.
OP, can you please get us a download link? There's too much to like, and so little time to download each one! Thanks.
I've been playing 12 years, and I have a few bits of advice:
1st, and the worst one: you need to have some innate musical ability. It really sucks but there are just people out there who can't do music. If you can pick up a song by playing along with it, you're probably fine.
2nd, you will never, EVER learn without accepting that you have put your nose to the grindstone and practice. A lot. You will sound bad and have trouble and your fingers will hurt and you'll want to give up because it's NOT easy. It's also the ONLY way to get better. We all suck when we start. It's hard to find motivation when you can't do what you want on the instrument, but I PROMISE you: if you keep bashing away at it, suddenly, it will click and just work.
3rd, try and learn stuff you like, even if you have to dumb it down.
TL;DR: it's a metric shit-ton of hardwork, but it pays off down the line.
Chords to learn: E, Em, A, Am, G, D, C (all open) These are all basic and will let you play about 500,000,000 different rock songs. You can move the E and A up and down the neck by Barring (holding all the strings down with your fore finger) a fret lower than the chord, this takes some time to get good at.
You can play most stuff with power chords, which are the two lowest notes from an E or A chord slid anywhere on the neck.
I think the picture of [Scholes](http://paimages.s3.amazonaws.com/categories/sport/480x385/14689408.jpg) at the end of the game would be a better reflection from a United perspective. We don't want to see Clint rubbing it in for the next week mate, we know we lost now let's move on and not dwell on it. 
No well first you need to define the god you're talking about, then you can consider what impact that type of god would have on reality. So if it's a god that answers prayers for example, you can test the efficacy of prayer.
We can also make reasonable assumptions about how likely it is for the natural order to be suspended, based on prior observation (is there any verified example of a supernatural occurance? Ever? Does that not inform us at least a little bit?)
sug·gest
   [suhg-jest, suh-] Show IPA
verb (used with object)
1. to mention or introduce (an idea, proposition, plan, etc.) for consideration or possible action:
It checks out!
WAY ahead of the pack
I do too. But it is not the only way to do so.
Oh I suppose I'm too fortunate to know of such things. Good on them. 
We didn't evolve from modern monkeys, but we evolved from prehistoric monkeys (or lemurs not sure there).
Dafuq? Y I have 7 downvotes but the guy saying pretty much the same as me has 9 upvotes?
Just eat it anyways.
You guys are chinking so hard this should be posted on r/trees
[Next Season on Doctor Who: The Angels Take Rio de Jeneiro](http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/27610378.jpg)
This is the best post I've ever seen
I swore like a sailor in 6th grade.  All the kids that rode my bus called me "Bitches" because I called everyone I didn't like "Bitch".  I even dropped the "N" word a few times.  As a short white kid, lets just say that wasn't the greatest idea.
options: 
Being a moron
Bring a mormon
either works IMO.
Well you know one now.
The other thing to remember - even for adults - is those "New Age" things you mention are, essentially, harmless. No one is so psychically damaged by having their aura read or drinking water with one molecule of whale semen in it they require years of therapy. That "ex-gay" shit is TOXIC and demonstrably harms the people who take part.
Her husband is a troll.
I need Andre Brown and Matt Forte to outscore Philly D/ST by 25
I loved back when DBZ wasn't just a new ridiculous powerup. Up to the end with frieza it was pretty cool (atleast I thought it was) and then it just got crazy with a new SSJ every season. 
I was just watching one of the last episodes last night where vegeta admits that Goku has just been taking it easier on buu because he wanted vegeta to have a chance to fight and I was surprised to see the first time where someone couldn't just power up. Instead vegeta accepts his limits and it seemed like SS3 would be the max. Then it just got ridiculous again. 
My first (and only) shiny was on Silver and it was a Caterpie 
People always hyped up Nutella so much. I bought a container of it this summer to try.I was thoroughly disappointed. It was a 5/10 at most, in my opinion
Dude, you're not allowed to buy groceries in the nude.
my team is that awful.  
Fuck you, there are goofs and plot holes. It doesn't take an "internet nerd" to find them. If you could get off your high horse you'd see I was defending the show and asking people to treat it like it is, and realize that just because this newest incarnation of DW is high budget, doesn't mean it's not the same wonderful old show. I appreciate the show for what it is. I was just explaining what I think a common reason why people have started hating on it a lot more recently. Relax.
It is an easy read, I'd probably rank it as a 4 (with 10 being the most difficult). It has a novel concept, it is peppered with 80's references and has a dash of gaming culture mixed in. 
[Jared Allen looks nice and hungry.](http://imgur.com/a/Fkb4D#33)
There is absolutely room for improvement, and gearbox's shift towards story in this one makes me think this is totally possible in the next one. The #1 thing that would have improved this game and made those gutwrenching movments even harder would have been class specific quests and conversations with those main characters. Can you imagine if, when you came back from a major plot changing mission, the main characters would discuss that with you? Instead of everytime just getting to overhear a bit of them talking to each other and then getting a mission, really talking to you, thanking you, commiserating with you? That could have increased the involvement massively. That said, this game already affected me far more than I expected and was an absolute blast. Nailed it, gearbox.
Do you have a mirror link?
On my 21st birthday my twin lost BOTH our id's, so much for giving it to her for safe keeping.
None of them. They really don't add anything to the conversation and only exist as one-off novelties that people eventually tire of. 
For the future, please treat this subreddit with the respect you wish to be shown.  Please use cleaner punctuation, grammar and sentence structure.  Using subpar English undermines your ability to communicate properly, and will grant you less of an audience than you wish to have.
To answer your question, he sounds *much* more mature than you. If anything, he's trying to boost your self-confidence. I would accept his friendship for what it is, and keep looking for someone closer to your own mental level and average age.  Treat him normally, but don't pursue him further.
PEWDIEPIE AND HIS PUG MAYA
Haha, I'd imagine there's no way to complete that one without a major mess.. but that's the point. And they looked super great.. how'd you do the splatter, exactly?
All I can say is don't lead girls on. I wouldn't escalate on girls that are interested if you aren't. 
It'd be sweet if it did all the elemental damages, kind of like Tiamat's previous force of wrath: [Rebuke](http://www.d2goods.com/plugins/jbshop/images/Shields/sh-26.jpg)
I learned to play with a mail-ordered Portal 2nd Age starter set and that is how I have laid out my cards ever since.
* Library in the center
* Creatures on top
* Graveyard on the left
* Exile to the left of graveyard
* Artifacts and enchantments on the right
* Land on the bottom
Some less polite opponents have picked up my library and moved it off to the side at the start of the game.
Minecraft isn't really about being good, just about being experienced and knowing all of the little tricks.  
Edit: Half the fun of the game is learning all of the tricks though, so don't beat yourself up over it. We were all there once. :P
I know what you mean.  I've been there thru w/d and having no one having any idea what was up with me.  I hid it very well also.  But if you are committed to quitting, tell your gf, your family, and close (non-user) friends about your problem.  They will be proud that you saw something in your life that needed change and actively took charge of it, and they will provide great support as well.  Congrats man, I'm a cold-turkey man myself and that shit aint easy.
He probably didn't expect anyone to be as so stupid as to think 100% beef = 100% cow. Especially after saying, "Absolutely not." I don't know how much more clear you can get with the supplied video: beef is a product of a cow, and cow is a cow - guts and all. This is explicitly shown with the machines taking in only the lean and fatty meat/beef sections of the cow absent eyeballs and penises.
And by saying it's not 100% cow, he goes onto clarify what 100% *beef* actually means and answers the inevitable consequential question of, "Then does 100% beef really mean 100% beef? Or are there any non-beef additives/fillers that would not make it 100% beef?"
No, I think you were clear.
I'm curious - is there also a meter/metre distinction?  As in measure of length/tempo?
Poulter's performance on Saturday definitely was the turning point going into Sunday. 5 birdies on the back 9. Coelsarts' putting was incredible as well.
Fuck yeah, I have the same attitude
There was an [Arsenal flag](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/A4EtiCkCQAIA2vB.jpg:large) floating around in the background - fantastic.
I have three male rats and two are brothers who I originally housed together. I eventually separated them when the fighting got so bad it was constant and the marks were getting severe.
However, what you describe sounds like the rat is perhaps itching itself a lot and his nails are too long. This happened to the two brothers long after they were separated so I knew it couldn't be from each other. One of their scratches got so bad they turned into thick scabs and were constantly being scratched open and bleeding. That's when I knew a vet was in order. The vet has all three on a mite-killing regimen, and she trimmed all their nails. (My skin is grateful!)
I don't mean parrying.  I mean like when the button you have to press shows up on the screen.  Uncharted does this often.
Elbow.  My goodness the elbow.
We'll be rolling through Bakersfield around 2 AM on Wednesday in our Chrysler 300, spending the week(end) in downtown Vegas. See you there? 
I made 198dkk/h working for a Danish company in sweden. that's pretty much higher than you'll find almost anywhere. As an 18 year old, without an education.
Now I have a head full of bizarrely gruesome images of turtles doing horrible things and having horrible things done unto them. - This is a first for me, I believe.
That's 1kb. 1mb is 1,000,000 bytes.
Its an impressive list! Unsorted or not, you took more time than I ever would have... 
I thought more people should see /r/fearme, because really... The fuck? 
Except being willing to take a bullet doesn't mean one has to stick around and get shot.
What are you saying, it's harder because black people are worse tennis players? ಠ_ಠ
Yeah, love how the announcer called it "reversing his field".
Not sure how plausible this is, but maybe a moderator-ish list with some of the advice contributers with their specialties or what they're more well versed in, so people asking could mention them somewhere and get the best bang for their lack of buck.
I think we should report them to the FBI for pedophilia.
Same odds that he gave his dogs, I guess
I use a beard trimmer buzzer unit to trim and buzz my beard and unit.
No, Chrome still uses Adobe's version of Flash, the difference is that Safari, Firefox and Opera use a system-wide copy of the plugin, and Chrome comes with its own.
Many users see updates as a threat and never ever update, and it's a huge problem. Flash auto-updates itself now... if you let it do that. You can still click the "Don't annoy me any longer fucktard" box and never have it update.
Chrome updates by itself anyway, and always has the latest build of flash inside, so it keeps everything fresh and safe.
So yes, I point the finger at Flash.
P.S. Now, no matter what I said about the problem of never updating etc, whatever you do, don't install Lon or Mountain Lion. I am using Mountain Lion now and it's crap, going back to Snow Leopard as soon as I get an SSD for my macbook
... I really want to hate you. This year I feel the pain of the 90s Browns fan: just want to put a paper bag on.
Fuck, Muslims, you all need to chill the fuck out about shit. The world is tired of cleaning up your messes, god damn it. Next time something pisses you off, grab a fucking Snickers or something. Masturbate, maybe. I don't know! There's gotta be something better than constantly flipping the fuck out and wrecking shit.
I only suggested the Tele since you're coming off of starting on one.
You can always split the difference with sound/look with the Blacktop series of MIM Teles (I own one, love it). Just looked around quickly, not finding a lot of them for cheap tho...
Remember, a standard Mexi Tele can be fattened up with PU upgrades -- so I wouldn't sweat that too much. Mexi's typically come with hotter/fatter-sounding PUs (more market appeal, less-'specific' sound ala US models), another point to consider. I wound up replacing my Mexi Strat pups with the originals for that reason (after a few years w/Fender Noiseless).
I prefer black labs more personally. 
I can make fart noises with my armpits, knee-pits and elbow-pits. Also with my palms, chest, feet on linoleum, and (this is what really gets the ladies) my neck on my shoulder.
Reposted so many times it's not funny anymore
I won't get too into this, cus you make a good point and I do feel like I'm being a bit too picky, but promotion cannot outweigh actual DJing here. 
Lots of us here are hobbyists....hobbyists act as evidence that promotion and self-promotion do not necessarily have anything to do with DJing. They have everything to do with playing shows/gigs and making money, however.
Before anyone asks: Yes, this is exactly how I feel. Boobs and all.
Jesus Christ I lost it at Strugglefucking.
We can schedule it for next weekend. I will make sure he is there.
To piggyback on this:
Any idiot can make wort.  It's your yeast that make the beer.  There are few things more important than pitching a proper amount of healthy, viable yeast and giving them a proper environment to do their work.
Damnit way to make me cry again haha.
The first step is admitting you have a problem. 
The second step is not caring.
I thought I said get lost.
Well he only got 24 targets, and he was very productive on those targets. Not to mention there aren't a whole lot of TEs who can compete with him run blocking.
True, but they can theoretically spend as much as they want.
This will sound callous, because it is. I am often selfish and callous. I am also very self-aware and know exactly what I need from my partner in many things.
I would not date someone with aspergers. I would not be able to feel satisfied with the level of empathy, consideration, and connection that they would be capable of providing. 
But I am not everyone, and people out there do date people on the autism spectrum and are happy and fulfilled, so don't give up.
(Also, to be fair, there are many people who would not date me for who I am, I can be difficult. It is impossible to be universally satisfactory to every individual.)
Lord knows there's nothing being defended here, one way or the other.  Perhaps my expectations for Spagnuolo were unreasonable, but I don't think "adequacy" is too much to ask.
Well, the if sun is shy and if it is the sun's first time, he might be too ashamed. But if he has done it before, for example, if he is a pornSTAR, then yes, he may come in front of the clouds.
They're still damn good.
I habitually shave my junk including but not limited to balls, shaft, taint, and ass crack.  It has been as out of control as me removing all my hair from the neck down (try it sometime, its incredible).  No matter what, shaft and balls are a must and always trim above and around the unit.  Chicks LOVE this shit.  When I was full body shaved, my girlfriend couldn't get enough of me.  Some of the other chicks that I knew/met that found out I was totally shaved were curious enough to want to find out first hand.  (the shaving lasted over a four to five month period one summer)
*disclaimer: the term shave in the above text refers to the removal of hair, not necessarily via razor.  Other methods can and were used.
tl;dr Shaving is a must.  Go full body shave if your looking for extra poon.
Unfortunately both tutorials are worth 10%
Nice to meet you Mr Snorlax
I knew Kolb was shit, McNabb was done, so is Vick by the Lookv f it, nobody thought kafka was the future. Better to move on before he ruins your season ala McNabb in his guitar strumming silliness in 2 blowout loses to the Fucking cow girls
Not all all more of a pantheist and an alchemist if anything
/r/spaceclop. You know you have to now
[Lunch & Movies 1 ](http://imgur.com/GsRQX,LQIxv,acUKy,qK5Tg#3)  l [Lunch & Movies 2](http://imgur.com/GsRQX,LQIxv,acUKy,qK5Tg#1)
* Gitman Vintage Bro's Chambray Shirt
* Hanes for Target Gray T
* Raleigh Original Raw Denim Thin Fit
* Quoddy Bluchers
[Sunday Lunch 1](http://imgur.com/GsRQX,LQIxv,acUKy,qK5Tg#2) l [Sunday Lunch 2] (http://imgur.com/GsRQX,LQIxv,acUKy,qK5Tg#0)
* J. Crew Madras Shirt
* Converse x John Varvatos Chinos
* L.L. Bean Signature Bluchers
you have nice lips!
No one would ever upvote phreaks mug
Try moosejaw.com. They have a wide variety of yoga apparel and they are a fun and reasonably priced company. 
I'll be honest here - yoga clothes can be pretty pricey, so just be prepared to have a little sticker shock. You can always find cute stuff at target, the gap, or old navy, but I have found that these don't hold up as well.  
Check out moosejaw. Hopefully there will be something reasonable there. 
Namaste
You obviously have no idea about Occupy and what they tried to do.  Every Occupy I went to there were people trying to work with local govt.  it failed.  The system isn't fixable.  Stop blaming everyone else.
>You'll learn about WWII and its consequences towards the end of high school, though
Oh snap!
PLUG IT IN, DAMMIT!
I don't know if its Americans or visiting Europeans, but one group is being more obnoxious and rude during the closing ceremonies.   Talking and chanting over Davis Love and just being douches. 
Didn't know such low stakes existed since I just play casually.  That I'll look into.  Might force me to get better.
Well that escalated quickly 
Oh, god, there's gonna be a fourth book?
This post makes me feel so much better about being single.
Thanks, man.
In the very near future you will have to replace the timing belt and water pump. It should be done around 60-70k so just know that if you buy it, a pretty large expense will be coming soon if you don't know how to do it yourself. 
Check out the cv boots, they commonly tear and rip
Also, just because something rattles, doesn't meant the car is messed up. That's just the VW way. I would still check into most rattles if it doesn't sound like interior plastics rubbing.
Had to post this really fast before curfew in an hour, little guy?
Well. I know who I'm hiring for all of my flooring needs. Especially the hardwood downstairs. 
Cum in it more than they do.
The length of their OS cycles?  How long did Vista last before Windows 7?
I find it highly likely that going forward, Microsoft will try to package "desktop mode" as a premium service, available only in say, the business or ultimate editions of the OS.  There is precedent for this: Windows 7 already requires Win7 Professional or Ultimate for Windows XP mode.
Don't try singing until you can play the guitar in darkness without even looking.
Oh God, I can't stop laughing. I can totally picture a little kid saying this. This is the funniest damn thing in this thread. 
"Oh yeah, well *I* French kiss my mom!"
Take it back and free it. Wild animals indigenous to the state are illegal ot keep as pets, plus it's better for him. Turtles need more care than you'd think, esp diet wise. 
Sucks I missed it.
I wanted to know about their relationship with Victory Records. Specifically BTBAM's thoughts on their releases since they left.
* Victory put out a "Best Of" album.
* Reissued The Silent Circus, Colors, and released the Self-Titled on vinyl.
* All the pressings after they left were single LP's (lower sound quality)
* All the pressings while they were with Victory were two disc LP's (higher sound quality)
* On the self-titled pressing they spelled their name wrong. [See for yourself](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7279/6993190648_0bcc681816_z.jpg)
Automated Amazon fulfillment centers coupled with Google self-driving delivery vans might actually make this a possibility within the next 10-20 years, y'know.
You know too much...
I suppose I'm the only one that does, then... (._. )
I see that now. Thank you. :)
[Here's a horse skull for reference.](http://www.boneroom.com/casts/images_bc/mammal_horse.jpg)
I'm going to say horse based on the very long neck and the fact that the front portion of the skull tapers down quite thin, so it would be very easy for a predator to gnaw those parts off. As to why they left the eyeball completely untouched is beyond me - that's usually their favorite part.
Looking this up on Goodreads; Is it the *Discworld* series? There's a book actually called *Night Watch* in there, but it's the 29th book. Should I read *The Color of Magic* first, or does the order not matter? [http://www.goodreads.com/series/40650-discworld](http://www.goodreads.com/series/40650-discworld)
Does it make me a bad person for laughing like a fool to this?
what could of been...
Isn't this accident from Russia?
It is real, but its an art installation and is not meant to be driven.
I'm sure its not roadworthy in that condition.
Oh yeah! I completely forgot about that movie! Definitely can't miss that.
Kinda off-topic, but do you know the difference between a cookie and a cake?
The definition is, Cookies go soft when stale, whereas cakes go hard.
This is important in the food industry (at least in UK), because cookies are subject to VAT (sales tax) and cakes aren't.
(with a tip of the hat to Q.I.)
I never got the privilege to fight you guys but I look forward to doing it! I joined the Crusaders after you guys quit so I didn't get in on the DSB fun. But I've heard many many war stories! 
For the mob problem, just set the biome to be Mushroom biome.
Mobs don't spawn naturally in it and you can spawn them with dispensers if needed.
Oh shut up! Stop being such a douche bag Venoc. 
Slavery. For one.
I guess we could also say free land, the promise of money/gold, the opportunity to start over politically or criminally or band-wagon'ing.
It is a hard thing to justify saying that the *only* reason people came to America was religious freedom :)
most places that have a fairly good range of drinks will probably have it, from an average sized cornershop upwards (in London), but it can be hard to find it
Alternatively, the first caption might just be "little fluffball takes a bath"
Lots of things but they don't even come close to the stupid things I've done as a "young adult"
Lol good point. I'm still learning formatting on Reddit and whatnot, excuse my HOLYSHITFUCKCAPSLOCK sometimes XD I'll work on **bolding** and *italicizing* my words more when I want emphasis :P Also, thank you :) It means a lot when someone likes my advice :P
Uhm, I'm pretty sure we were all hoping she was going to get raped by those centaurs, as bad as that sounds. (it's fiction, so it's okay.)
> I do not believe that just because something is harmful means the government should ban it 
what if the harm is the primary effect? 
Megatron is an amazing player, but given his production the last couple weeks + Stafford struggling, personally I would stick with AP. 
Several hundred fit warriors at once....not bad. (EU3)
With a little work she could also joine the Yakuza.
FYI, I had it with dinner tonight (oven roasted with other root veggies) and it was delish!
If she crashed her plane when she could have landed it, her CO would be VERY hostile.
pedantry note, Oxford's student union "OUSU" does not have a bar. The individual colleges all have at least one bar, though.
I was wondering as well. I think its this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toyota_Racing_Development
Check around Hot Topic, sometimes they have others. I got mine at FYE, not sure if you've heard of that place or not. It all else fails, eBay it! 
Nofap, successfully made it through nofap september.
Love the smile :)
Where do you see this going in the future? Could the technology help us other than binding a book?
all chaps are assless.
The sheer magnitude of the event itself (ending the series) sent tears down my face as well as the part you mentioned. Every time I sat down and realized that the Harry Potter series was over, I felt like punching a wall. The last page of the last book I thought to myself, *I've spent all these years holding these thick, amazing books. Now what am I supposed to do... or to read?*
It's the song title from the opening in "Angel Beats"
Exactly how I feel about Pokémon nostalgia posts. 
>Why cant it be said to use wifi routers to broadcast a signals or act as a bridge, instead of saying "radios"?
Because radio is the proper term.
And I have the shame of saying this one was my first kiss. THINK ABOUT REMEMBERING HER. THINK ABOUT IT. ITS AWFUL
She made his penis laugh so hard it threw up.  Is what she meant to say.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLICA7ZblD4&feature=plcp
Youtube link as well.
Most people don't like the 3d, or don't find it all that much better. Personally I wear glasses so I find it extremely annoying to have to wear glasses over my glasses for a 2 hour movie. I have even been to some theatres with "tight fitting" glasses that bend mine in the middle distorting my view. The only times ive ever gone to these(outside of the 4d theatres that have been around since the 90s) is when I go to see a movie and they only have it in 3d with no normal option.
Having read JMS's entire run, I can assure you that all Civil War era stories do make sense. They don't go very far into the specific details of the war, but follow Spider-Man's own experiences instead (which makes sense, it is his book after all). 
We don't take too kindly to upside down jokes round here, son.
I'll vouch for Armagetron and Battle for Wesnoth as great multiplayer games. I played Armagetron in the computer lab with a bunch of friends back in high school and I'm pretty sure they had servers for remote games. Battle for Wesnoth is particularly addicting and slightly reminiscent of Heroscape/ Fire Emblem. Both the single-player and multiplayer are enjoyable if you like fantasy/rpg style games.
Sorry I was agreeing with you but didn't make that clear :-)
I've always wanted to be able to do that. But if you cant, you look like the biggest dunce.
No worries. I'm kinda indifferent toward long separated reposts. We're not all online simultaneously or paying attention to the same things so stuff gets missed. Repeated reposts are of course downvote worthy (folks karmawhoring by reposting non-original content for ex.)
I will duo with you. I am your solution. Monsuno in-game. I have very few stats for AD carries but I promise that I am good. I just like to support in Ranked.
And then call in sick the next day to watch the rest of the season?
The pokemon forces itself out, probably shattering the pokeballs mechanics. 
EDIT: I'm not sure how that doesn't make sense to someone.
Yeah, the band that got first in our comp last night is marching the Macy's Thanksgiving parade this year, so they won pretty much everything.
Awesome! I'm starting week 4 myself and looking for a goal 5k to look forward to! 
In NY there is an option on the EBT app for homeless. If you click that the person who helps you will also assist with housing (shelter). I was in a shelter with my kids for almost 8 months and let me say it was only borderline better than living out of my car. I would have absolutely lived out of my car if I didn't have kids, 1200%. There were cameras everywhere in the house, and a shared bathroom. A lot of the other people staying at the shelter were hostile, and you can end up sharing a room with people (especially going in as a single person). If you have a car and it's not winter I would recommend doing that and getting a PO box as an address. I'm assuming you have an address of your license or permit, it doesn't matter that you don't live there anymore you can use it to get a PO box and then even change your license to reflect the PO box address.
The reason I left out those bands is simply because I don't know enough about their music to be educated enough on it. I have all of the Ayreon albums but I just can't get into them. I have one or two albums from Fates Warning and Shadow Gallery but I haven't given them enough of a listen through to be educated enough on them. As for Redemption I just haven't heard any of their stuff at all.
I'm dead and it's not even national anthem time
Also, implying that after Islam women were repressed. Guess the Islamic Golden Age in which persian people enjoyed the most liberal and progressive society in the entire world at the time was super-repressive, huh?
EDIT: Most progressive society *at the time*. Remember that this was a time when every conqueror forced the people to pledge allegiance to the ideals of the conquering nation.
That sounds ghastly, why would I want to do that?
when did this happen?
>I haven't tried not to yet.
What?
I knew an Adam Adams.  Strange guy.  Used to say he was so nice they named him twice
Pointless com-I'll see my way out now.
This is what I did. Once I maxed my uncommon and rare weapons, I kept buying Spectre Packs until I maxed my rare gears. Now I'm buying all Veteran Packs until I max my uncommon gear (about 2 million credits spent on vet packs so far with 7 gear levels received, it's really slow no matter what). Once they're maxed, I'll probably switch over to hoarding credits until I have 4-5 mil saved up for dlc and spend any extra credits beyond that on a mix of spectre packs and premium spectre packs for the possible ultra rares. 
DAMN IT, beat me to it. It was literally the first thing I thought of when I saw this thread.
Thank you once again! Now I can complete my lab and not fail my course haha.
[A song about the German language. =)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5m_5eTZMato)
This is the single most downvoted comment I've ever seen.  Congrats on that I guess?
what's wrong with no heroes?  now that they aren't popular that booted for reserved slot shit never happens
When I write music, I use a program where intervals are tied to the number line, and rhythmic values are tied to the num pad. 
Request: tannehill long throw to hartline with no one within a 5 mile radius of him
I looked into what you replied with. You are right, the intuos4 has everything I need. Silly me thought there would be a pressure sensitivity no. increase >_>
But yeah, the bamboo is a no go. Pressure sensitivity is everything for me.
Jupiter, Mars, Neptune, etc look like stars from Earth, even the moons of Jupiter look like tiny stars, but when viewed properly through a telescope you could clearly see they're not. Perhaps that was what she was thinking originally. Not sure where her mind was either personally, just saying its possible she got something like that confused. 
There's lots of young people who don't take the opportunity to learn about the physical world around them when they're "known" world revolves around social networks, friends, the opposite sex, cellular devices, computers, etc.etc. hope I didn't loose ya, but that's just where my mind was. 
I'll take a look at the ff game and chaos rings then! Thank you again for the suggestions!
I guaranteed they did and I guaranteed they balked at the cost.  This happens all over the world when countries rapidly develop.  It will cost 10's of billions to build out the system now from what I understand, they are going to have to rip out the roads and rebuild the below ground infrastructure there is no other option.  They use tankers to deliver NG as well, which make tempting target for terrorists.    
This is just the beginning! You've left out a number of very critical things--and I'm not faulting you for that. I'm just pointing out one very real fact: 3-way speakers are easily four times harder to build than a good 2-way. The devil is in the details, and 3-ways have a great many details. 
If I were to advise the OP, I'd build a 2-way, with a subwoofer. That moves one of the crossover points into the active domain, where tweaks can be made at the receiver and/or subwoofer plate amp. 
He was harassing and endangering you, you should report him if it happens again.
I would love to walk around topless, but that would mean I couldn't walk down the stairs without holding them.
edit: jesus. If a chick ever complains that she can't discuss her body on Reddit without being hounded/ hit on and you doubt her, see below. Now factor in 3 PMs as well.
edit 2: make it 5 PMs.
"Not sure if I should upvote because I want to help the cause, or downvote because I hate the issue..."
…and a healthy pizza using nothing more than zucchini and thumbtacks.
Congrats to you, you division-leading Vikings, you. And, by the looks of it, your division sucks ass and you have a relatively soft schedule so I think you really have a chance.
Slender Man didn't originate from Slender. Just because Slender Man is in Slender, that doesn't mean everything Slender Man is video game related.
That's why I use a beard trimmer and leave the ol' ass hair around 1/4" long. Problem solved. It's the best of both worlds.
Where the fuck in China are you? I am visiting HK and Taiwan. No hookup cultur? LMAO
I don't know if we actually have any celebrity fans that go to our games. Well, I mean let's be honest, Eugene takes a bit of effort to reach from outside Oregon. I do hear tale that there are some alleged sightings of certain individuals sporting our gear.
Up vote for Bucky. 
I like Lucky McSnuggletits....
Hey, Xanadu is great!
Just don't go to /r/shittyadvice 
I don't get it. Fuck you, have an upvote for no reason. 
The Giants could go 4-12 and as long as those four wins were vs the Eagles and Cowboys I would be happy and consider the season a success.  May your team self-destruct and lose in the final minute.  I want either a blowout, or a last minute loss.  I want your tears.
if you want to be upfront with management bring proof that the dog is on flea treatment. 
Or you can smuggle the dog in. Cavaliers are small enough to fit in a bag. Take him to the beach, wear him out and put him in a crate in your apartment so nobody hears the patter of little feet.
Well, you gain stats from Paragon levels (not just MF/GF, also Vit/STR/DEX/INT etc). So you are advancing your character from playing even pre-1.0.5, since it'll be easier for you to play in 1.0.5 with more Paragon Levels earned now.
At least you have a parachute.
Are you making it a point to come back to this thread out of some sense of smug satisfaction? He was in the game while dinged up, he'll be back within a week or two. I got him in the 16th round and think he still has a ton of upside, I don't regret holding on to him at all.
i *love* catching someone staring at my arms curiously, then pointing at my kandi and asking if they would like one. their faces and smiles are amazing :) hugs!
Trans Am conversion for the Chevrolet Camaro!
W1NT3RF0X, I'm sorry you've had a bad experience with the community so far!
if you know how to Make a bat file you can set it up to clear your cache every time you start wow.  there are guidees on this on the internet.  I would Link em 
but I'm on mobile
I would buy FOTS, cause thats what I bought, and it seems like it acts for DLC for shogun 2, meaning I have shogun 2 in my game list but when i look at the DLC it shows FOTS there. At first, I thought I bought the wrong game, but nope! Thats how it works!
So for guys asking what to buy... I would buy Shogun 2: fall of samurai!
Edit: BTW, this game is huge, holy fuck! downloads for 17gb, and it seems like once its installed its 30gbs. CRAZY! Sucks, cause I really wanna play it but its taking forever to download LOL!
edit 2: ohh whoopss... I guess im wrong? I guess I really do only get FOTS..
http://steamcommunity.com/app/34330/discussions/0/864947149151986951/
scroll down towards the bottom. Sorta weird how they did that.
How can you say that when you're presenting them for the world to ridicule? Clearly, you believe them to be inferior.
Females never help with paying anything because they're uncontrollable shopping [slurs], amirite guys? Bet them [slurs] spend $350 a month on diamond encrusted pussy pads cause they have periods, lololololol.
Hrk, this is a rough jerk for me because I've been the one to carry the financial weight in every relationship with a cismale to the point it's destroyed every last one of them. My marriage has been killed by this very issue, and all of my female friends has dealt with the same lazy shitlord bullshit. I can't think of a single woman I know who is financially aided by her husband beyond his fair share of the bills. No savings, nothing.
Silly girls, don't we know that our paychecks BELONG to the men who own us?
No matter who it is, next time say "Yes"
This is now closed. Hope you got your picks in! 
/r/spaceclop, /r/wtf, /r/iamgoingtohellforthis and /r/gonewild of course!
It is, I added a new page called free stickers, check out the site nelongboards.com
Whoever wrote this doesn't seem to understand ss numbers are reused.  If you feel the NEED to lie, at least have the decency to tell a lie that isn't common knowledge.
Those are supposed to be words?
I absolutely am. For now, I'm on League of Legends (For which there is a boring gaymer sub-reddit) and I want to play GW2 when I pick up a better pc.
So what's the deal with 911,why won't you touch it?
Bushes, bushes every where..
Ooooh, now then, why'd you have go and ruin his "Valiant" sacrifice? If he had resigned himself to be killed via the townsfolk I'd say you should have obliged him. He didn't seem to have the will to fight anymore. And now you've just upped and given him away. 
But yes, He is a suspected Homeless since I don't know any other role that can evade peoples night actions. Source? I'm a Brotherhood.
Sodomized by Megan Fox.
Dense nugs are far superior. All you gotta do is break it up.
> ...destroy the ecosystem...
Coming from ***A HUMAN??!?!??***
How quaint!
That's what Chloe basically said too. At the time she thought it was really cool and artsy and such but now she realizes it's just her sucking some dude's cock on film.
Why can't NBC.com use flash like everyone else.
I talked to my turtle, debbie had body image problems, she never believed that I thought her beak was cute, poor debbie.
I think his name was stereotypical_russain and he can found around this part of reddit.
> Fuck you, you waste of a human life.
That's rich, coming from a molester! Not paedophile, mind; I said *molester*. Because even if you're not doing it, you're trying to enable it. You are the very lowest of the low.
>  Or do you just deny it all as some kind of pedophile conspiracy?
Yeah, pretty much. they're just trying to find some sort of excuse for their behaviour. 
I really hope I bump into you somewhere.
Most of them already don't like me and I haven't fired a gun in 4 years.
More important, why are you shopping on ebay for boys underwear?
Why did your wrists hurt after the first night?
yea I've got two to deal with and one Title 2 dealer but i have no need for that are you north or south of tampa
Seeing Princess Mononoke there.
Crap really? I'm about to move down the street from there as well. Kept driving by and seeing people waiting.
Huh. Apparently, I'm going to go wash polluted spirits and find a way to free my parents from a bulbous-headed witch.
Thank you, that explains how I got a bunch of gold without knowing why.  Somehow I didn't make the connection.
Homework is garbage. It does no good. No talking? Fuck off.
I'm more worried that she will die.
*What is your favorite item on the menu?
*Who do you feel is your biggest competition in your line of business, and why?
*Do you hire employees under 16? I've been hearing that some restaurants are doing that.
Richard Seymour is the only player on your defense.
I DON'T. 'Cause they don't do shit for me. So there's no point. 
But goddamn, it does feel good. :(
Should you respect someone's wishes if their wishes are abhorrent? If a mother wants to kill her baby, should you respect that? 
You should not legislate respect. It becomes a messy business. Nothing happens when someone gets offended - it's not like their teeth fall out. So if someone offends you...so what? 
Stop curing, start burning. IM MEAN CLEANSE them. Yeah, totally.
what if you have a role that already has the pipe made or being made?
Dude, what the hell are you talking about? I used Android for 2 years. There was nothing I liked about it. Then you come in and say "LOL ANDROID AND IOS ARE THE SAME SO UR DUMB!! LOL XD!!"  
Can you just not accept that there was literally nothing I liked about Android? It was laggy, slow, buggy, and the app store sucked. Not sure what else you want me to say...
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: Girl at work was complaining about her boyfriend being sick...
>Meme: Overly Attached Girlfriend
>* YOU HAVE TIME FOR PNEUMONIA
>* BUT YOU DON'T HAVE TIME FOR ME?
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r56c7.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/2S1BW)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||YOU+HAVE+TIME+FOR+PNEUMONIA+-+BUT+YOU+DON%27T+HAVE+TIME+FOR+ME%3F)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
As someone who had two steaks for dinner, I approve of this message. 
who are you?
im not telling you shit
i made a random comment about a mutant horn and you took it as a personal affront and now you think you know ANYTHING about me lolol
keep getting mad fool
The Pretty Reckless.
Oh my god.
I love you. 
Wait, don't tell us if you win or not, let us find out by ourself!
We don't have squirrels around here, but I've heard of people sprinkling cayenne pepper around their plants to keep the squirrels away. 
Not at all. They ride the bus to school and back. They just want the image of being a skater.
Some of the finest character development in all of television....
Oh man that was awkward to read, but if you absolutely have to shoot yourself down, that was a pretty great way to do it. Katie's feelings can go unhurt if it's true, yours go unhurt if it wasn't true. And, let's face it, nothing goes well in middle school.
And to think, that one picture of a cat has caused so much happiness. 
im not sure if it is weird new jersey, but you can sneak into the abandoned part of greystone mental asylum in morris county. i hear it is really creepy at night
Its funny - because by you holding the pug like that, ironically, you're kind of admiting that really anything is fair game. So you'll take the life of a bird, but not a dog? Would you mind if i shot and killed your dog and held it like that?
Is Romney going to re-run Hillary's anti-Obama ads from 2008 then?
hav a le downron 
After 6 consecutive losses, the Giants were due.  Doesn't make losing to VY any less embarrassing though.
You just sound like a conceited cunt.
I was about to say the exact same thing. Well put. If USC should be used to it, then why is Stanford treating it like it's never happened?
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: Confession Bear - how i feel as a 21 male after watching the last Dr who episode with the Ponds...
>Meme: Confession Bear
>* I HAVEN'T CRIED THIS MUCH
>* SINCE DAVID TENNANTS LAST EPISODE
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r56c1.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/v6cjv)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||I+HAVEN%27T+CRIED+THIS+MUCH+-+SINCE+DAVID+TENNANTS+LAST+EPISODE)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
Wait what? Don't tell me this actually happened. 
Hell I would pay a few bucks for that.
I know some people [have made their own](http://www.popsci.com/diy/article/2010-01/cooking-sous-vide-inexpensive-diy-way), but I'm saving my pesos for an inexpensive dedicated machine. 
It'll happen someday.
Doesn't matter, had sex.
Holy shit, a 9/11 joke!?
For the first time ever my life is completely my own.  It's AWESOME.  A little terrifying sometimes, but AWESOME.
"I'm superior because I think 'differently.'"
Yes, this!  Why would I ever want to play bingo, or stop wearing jeans?  Why would I ever get one of those awful old lady haircuts and dye my hair blue?  Why can't I listen to loud rock with my car window open and my arm hanging out?
Boot Camp is just Apple's way of saying "Dual-Boot". Although, technically , Boot Camp (Assistant) is a piece of software that sets up the partition, loads the drivers onto the Windows USB, and that's more or less it. Boot Camp does not run. It's just Windows running totally natively on the Mac. In fact, you can just put a Windows CD or USB into your Mac and install Windows and skip the "Boot Camp Assistant". But make sure you also have the Mac OS X CD handy, or the drivers that Boot Camp Assistant installs on a USB, otherwise you'll get poor graphics and probably no wi-fi.
[](/a07) I would advise you to never, ever visit Italy.
So what exactly are you talking about?  Is somebody who is a social democrat a bigot?  Are communists bigots?  Are Climate Scientists bigots?
Disagreeing with a dumb set of ideas does not make someone a bigot.
BTW, Muslims are rioting and starting fires in Bangladesh at present, because of an "offensive photo."  But I guess to point out that stupidity makes one a bigot.
fish, lots of veggies, cut back on the nuts b/c they're high in omega 6s, no milk, beef, ibutter, coconut oil...it's simple stuff
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: 'Merica
>* MAKES 50 SHADES A MAGAZINE 
>* SELLS IT ABOVE CHILDREN'S TOYS
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r56ag.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/nrGAW)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||MAKES+50+SHADES+A+MAGAZINE++-+SELLS+IT+ABOVE+CHILDREN%27S+TOYS)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
Would they all wear hats with horns?
My chicken had one .-. I can still taste vomit when i think about it.
How expensive is his shit?
comment section full of pretentious douches
That really is quite funny. I was frustrated for about 2 minutes myself. luckily my 3 year old was in another room.
link for the ~~lazy~~ [TRUE PATRIOTS](http://www.amazon.com/Back-Champs-Championship-Colors-T-Shirt/dp/B0088LSAR8/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid=1349050203&sr=8-4&keywords=back+to+back+world+war+champs)
>Even Hitler. I don't wish that he were dead...
I'm pretty sure he'd be dead by now anyway.
Yeah that's right. Well, we do actually have some reserve coal plants that are used in case of emergency need. I remember that some were turned on during a particularly cold winter a few years back.
My problem is that it is NOT timey wimey. There is no plot hole. Moffat has had a lot of iffy shit in his stories but this is one that is nearly air tight.
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: At the tail end of a stomach flu...
>Meme: Futurama Fry
>* NOT SURE IF I HAVE TO FART
>* OR ITS MORE DIARRHEA
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r567b.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/8WooN)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||NOT+SURE+IF+I+HAVE+TO+FART+-+OR+ITS+MORE+DIARRHEA)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
Its just like starting a new world. They delete the [world] files they have and let the server generate new ones. Everything will be gone. Completely fresh start.
Signed the rest of the AFC west. 
No, I couldn't care less whether or not they're offended (except, obviously, when their outrage turns into violence). My point was that no matter what you say, there needs to be a better justification than "because free speech." The point of free speech is not simply for people to spew out their thoughts and attack other people for no reason. If there is a good reason, it should be stated, and if there isn't, then nothing should have been said in the first place.
Texas bbq is best bbq
We already know the kind of names you would come up with.
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title: As a Packer fan today...
>Meme: Godfather
>* NFL Referees, What have I ever done
>*  to make you treat me so disrespectfully?
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r567o.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/shjcK)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||NFL+Referees%2C+What+have+I+ever+done+-++to+make+you+treat+me+so+disrespectfully%3F)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
I too am terrible at maths. The other night, I was signing up a woman for our new Rewards card, and she wanted to use her husband's birthday because his name was what came up in the database for the phone number she punched in, and she didn't know what year he was born. She canvassed her kids standing there, "Daddy's 34 years old, what year was he born?"  Shrugs all around.
I got a flyer and tried to do arithmetic in the margins: 
2012 - 34 = *i have no idea what i'm doing*
She stood there uselessly, waiting for me to problem-solve it for her. I thought, "Who doesn't know what year their spouse was born?" but hey.
Finally one of the kids piped up. "1978."
My faith in the Youth of Today, restored.
I have mostly been indifferent.  I didn't think he needed to go, but I didn't necessarily want to start him.  This year has been his best as far as I know.  Doing a great job and I hope he can keep on keeping on. ;D
You know those threads where we show each other respect, are good sports and don't talk shit? 
This wont be one of those.
**FUCK THE GIANTS. Go Birds!**
Yeah, if this is the case why are there so many strip clubs right across the river in Ill. and barely any on the St. Louis side?
I was actually looking for this picture, so thank you.
I added you as well and am also looking for someone to duo with to raise elo 
I became an agnostic theist about a year ago, about a month or so after I was confirmed. I simply heard many compelling arguments on the internet that defeated my childish certainty in a deity. 
And more specifically with Christianity, the Old Testament.
"Related" means that posts must contain gaming-related content in the link/post body, not just a "forced" connection via the title or a caption added to the content.
Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:
>Title, Meme: Foul Bachelor Frog
>* UNEMPLOYED
>* NO NEED TO TAKE SHOWERS
>^[[Direct](http://i.qkme.me/3r56ai.jpg)] ^[[Background](http://imgur.com/9NsbX)] ^[[Translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||UNEMPLOYED+-+NO+NEED+TO+TAKE+SHOWERS)]
This comment was left by a bot to help people who can't access Quickmeme images for any reason. Some of those reasons are described on my [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/) page. More information about me can be found in my first [AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/vxeak/hello_i_am_a_bot_who_posts_transcriptions_of/).
For some inexplicable reason I read this as "TIL That upon his death Ben Franklin left 1,000 pounds **of dust** to gather interest in a trust for 200 years.."
I was really disappointed when I found out it was actually just money.
Good advice. I'll try to keep this in mind.
Oh dear lord... and I'm already several drinks in so I'm a little too brave for my own good right now
He explain how he was so abstract and inspiring and how he triggered a movement of music we experience today. And he has a attitude that is a fuck you of you are an asshole kinda thing. 
Hot damn, are we opening a new bag of Coa-coa Roos?
No, but I have a lot of stupid friends.
I would have guessed those are meant to be symbolic of the firefighters, [they usually have colored bands like that](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:US_Navy_080730-N-5277R-003_A_Commander,_Naval_Forces_Japan_firefighter_douses_a_fire_on_a_dummy_aircraft_during_the_annual_off-station_mishap_drill_at_Naval_Support_Facility_Kamiseya.jpg).
I don't know why we Americans DON'T eat fries with forks as often as we should. Fries are really just potato spaghetti if you think about it. With a fork, there's less mess.  
Now it's changed my whole perspective on the way I eat fries. I should just go contemplate my life a little bit.
I take it your not a metal fan either then?
He is hoping you don't notice.
Well... Yeah.  Shit happens.
I did check out that faq, thank you for that. I think he is under a bit of stress, but I'm not entirely sure where it's coming from. We've talked about work and such, but never very concretely. It's possible that he doesn't even know the source of it... 
"The government" would be in total control of the government.
Very bad.
The definition is pretty simple. If someone, normally a guy, would like a relationship with a girl who is his friend and she only views him as a friend then he is in "the friend zone".
You can choose any one book from their library to download for free today.
All of these tests that the hospital will need to run to make sure they don't get fined will cost more money. Think
Nah. While I think Brave New World has become more true, and is more 'accurate' in a sense, 1984 was just a more engrossing story.
I bought Archangels to increase the power of W because it was an Ability and i thought you had to buy Ability power.
Now I'm all for giving help to the good sort of poor people - you know, the clean ones who are appropriately thankful for charity and who don't steal or drink or have children out of wedlock. I don't want to support moochers and I trust that libertarianism will allow for natural justice to take place, allowing the dirty poor who consigned themselves to poverty through personal decisions to die off of starvation and homelessness.
This is /r/circlejerk level material. 
Basically he is implying the guy is masturbating, "hands down". get it?
Personally, I think it's the little things like this that really separates CBS's NFL coverage from all the other networks, and I like it.
Congrats. And you look good. :)
Reppin' the ROC, I salute you sir. 
I saw one the other day that said "like if you have the letter A in your name." It had over 50,000 likes. Why do people do this shit?!
[Every post about iOS 6.](http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3r56fd/) Let it go.
In Darwin we trust
Yeah, I didn't notice until I put the pics up
He's still working on the rest of this costume :)
I give plain water the last three waterings (normally add nutes every other time).
I don't harvest right after watering - get a start on the drying by not harvesting a verry wet plant.  But I don't want a wilting plant, cause the trim will be harder.  My flowering plants get water once every three days, so usually the 2nd day after watering is harvest day.
I don't do the extra darkness thing.
Elementary School for me, [Budd Dwyer](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R._Budd_Dwyer) shot himself at a press conference.
He put "video" in his title and now he's stealing all my sweet karma. 
[For the lazy - Leonor Varela](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0007237/)
What a heartbreaking, but ultimately wonderful story. He's such a handsome guy! And so lucky you found him. Thank you for sharing that. :)
Yeah that's how I've always felt. I always just use water but a lot of people I know put soda in bongs/hookahs
yeah 5 beers deep and the code for feng's simulation study writes itself.
OK.  Damnit, that's funnier than channel 5's "Continuing Coverage" of the quake all morning long.
OK, I'm not the reassuring-young-cute-guy you might be looking for, but I can offer this:
Everybody has baggage. There's so many different kinds, some of it heavier/more toxic than others, but really, everybody has it. It's just that when you're younger, it doesn't always show. Maybe your baggage is that you're going to freak out when you start to visibly age the way your dad did. Maybe you're going to turn out to be a jerk about money, because your mom was. Maybe you've got sexual hangups, or are primed for an addiction.
A lot of baggage shows up later, once you've been in a relationship for a while -- and then you find out whether or not you can deal with it.
Yours is just early, right up front. It might cut down on your dating prospects, but honestly I can't see it holding you back from a new true relationship -- it's just going to screen out more people right at the start. A lot of people who start dating again later in life get really cut-to-the-chase about it -- we know that we ALL have flaws and limits and lumpy bits, and we know which kind we can deal with, and we just skip the people who have the kind we can't. It saves time, you know? 
I'm guessing you'll have fewer try-it-out dates, but just as many of the serious connections. So use the time you save to be with your kid, hang with other moms for support, and don't worry about it too much. You're just ducking out of the fun-dates-with-cute-douches stage early. 
Just my .02, FWIW.
-- older-than-you female who married a guy with a kid.
Cause of my beard!!! Hahaha or my neckbeard(whatever that is)
Hah I'm past that at this stage in my life. So much wasted money on bottled water.
Unfortunately for me I'm slowly switching over to single malt. I drink less generally but it's costing me the same!
Sounds to me like your Video card is the issue.
You may be putting too much of a load onto it and it could be crashing.
I had a similar issue with a GTX 9800 a while back.
I'm not certain that's your problem, but that's my opinion.
It is slightly better, but equally retarded. I just dislike inaccuracy.
As my gf says it, "Sorry if seeing my hair makes you want to rape me, but fuck off."
New map =/= Re-textured SR
that is some crazy ditch weed, how many plants did u harvest?
One of my friends and his brother would buy and sell houses and apartment buildings. 
There are always, ALWAYS, a copy of NG left when people leave. 
My friend had like 300 copies of old NG's. One had a x-ray of a drug mules stomach with 150 cocaine filled condoms in it. When we showed one of my friends the pic and told him what it was, he lamented on how much that would hurt a mule. A literal mule. We had to tell him what a drug mule was. We laughed for days.
Don't know if you're still following this thread, but I'll offer the tip anyways. When you get your mid-year report, make sure you send it in. I didn't send mine in, and although I still got into GW, my Merit scholarships were really hurt by the admissions office not having it (this should be true for wherever you apply, even if they say the midyear report isn't required. Send it in always, unless they specifically tell you not to).
Yea mine is on the back drivers side door. I also have a dent in the back passenger side right in front of the fender. I guess I'm going to have to look into paintless dent removal as well
Aw, poor baby, might need to use your legs and not yell through the house which is trashy and rude.
you'd probably be a fan of [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny) subreddit, then.
the part that I found odd is they hit each other, yet no one reacted.  Everyone just kind of went on their way
Well looks like andrew zimmerman has 8 new things to eat.  
There's a news channel?
Yep, everything is out in the open. If there is a girl he is interested in, we talk about her. I want to know. I HAVE to know. The more I know the easier it is for me. I want to know the before, the during, the after. I am a curious creature, but the idea of him being with someone else also turns me on and gets me excited. For me and for him. So, no, if you're looking for a hookup, it doesn't matter (to me) what kind of relationship you are in otherwise. Just stick your dick in me, let's have some fun, and we can move on. We communicate communicate communicate. There are no secrets. He isn't so good at the talking unless I pry it out of him, which sometimes makes me feel like he is trying to hide something (I know he isn't). So, don't make your partner/friend pry it out of you. Just be honest. Tell her you like a chick. Tell the chick you like her. Do the chick. Go home and do your chick like you are both pornstars. The End. :)
looking at my college tuition bill. 
You're not helping your cause; that doesn't even constitute as a joke.
Add me i have an extra morph crown. 
Thrift stores usually have the smaller ones, they are great for steaks and chops.
First of all, I hardly ever watch MSNBC.  And yes, I do verify things that pundits say on tv because you never know how much spin there is.  As for Bill O'Reilly, I stopped watching him because he talks over anyone who has a view that challenges his, which is irritating as all hell.
Are computer simulations any good at playing poker for you. For instance I'm playing online and want to ensure I bet the optimum amount of money when I have the best cards. Can a computer-aided player tip the bet in their favor for any advantage or is it like [Go! where computers don't know what the shit is going on?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_Go#Evaluation_function)
I tried chicken and waffles for the first time. It's fucking delicious, I wish it was a "thing" around me!!!
Also started with the 2005 series.  Eccleston's acting in "Dalek", especially his angry taunting when he gets locked in the room with the Dalek and realizes it has no weapon, was the first moment where I realized there was more to the show than just campy sci fi adventures and that there was real depth to it.
My dipole really doesnt favor JA, more into EU from here in NJ.  I see some spots but hear nothing.
I didnt even see that sidebar post...whelp I'm observant. But the personal opinions help me actually decide if I should watch it.  
I see what you did there.
That also explains why he is insane. Also a minor detail is his Healing Factor never actually cures his cancer, so his cancer and healing factor are always battling each other, which is why his body is scarred. 
i think the question is:
assuming god exists, and he is all good, but his definition of 'good' is not the same as yours, then do you accept that you're wrong or do you argue that god is wrong?
i find too many people 'try out' different religions in order to find one that suits them but this isnt finding truth, this is simply finding the easiest route!
Would his death really have changed anything? No. The Holocaust would have still happened, the same number of people would have still died, the victims that survived would have still faced other horrors.
Nothing ever makes anything like that better or fair, there is no justice for things like this. They are war criminals because we say they are. I don't see Churchill on trial for the massacre of Dresden or Truman for all the death that happened because of the atomic bombs. 
May I ask which bar?
Offensive TD? Yes. Defensive? ... Maybe. 
Or...we could just wait for those idiots to die off. In fact, that strategy has been working pretty well for us, so we're just going to stick with that.
Have you bought brand new batteries and tested this? Batteries would wear out way faster than the device itself. 
See also: Nuclear Dawn. 
I'm pretty sure it's the interview you quoted below.
I'm 5'5 146, and I'd like to weigh 130. Now that I tried keto, I as well don't see how it's long term.  Do you recommend I reintroduce 50g of carbs in my diet slowly? I upped my carb intake on MFP to 10% compared to 5% just now. 
YES, this is it!
This is a repost of a cinemagraph I made.
EDIT: Huh, I guess I never posted it here on it's own. [But I did make it.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Cinemagraphs/comments/z02t4/in_peace_xpost_from_rbreakingbad/c60c8pn) *Cite your sources.*
>2) "Do I need to give credit/cite my posts?" YES. If the cinemgraph is not your original, you must post the source and give credit. It is unfair to the creator not to.
EDIT 2: Disregard this, I'm a moron!
If so, he really ought to buy his sweat shirts one or two sizes smaller.
I think the round keyhole style looks good only as sunglasses.
I have a mutt with similar problems, and I've spent around $1200 on various vet bills and treatments, so I'll save you a little bit of time hopefully and just run down the various things that might be an issue:
-How quickly did you transition to the new food from her previous diet?  If it was a fast transition (less than two weeks), your doggy could be having adjustment issues.  
-Was the change in stool abrupt shortly after getting her?  If so, probably either a food transition or anxiety issue.
-Are there any streaks of blood in the stool?  If so, parasites, and particularly giardia might be the culprit.
-Did she eat any poop, drink standing water or get into anything she shouldn't have?  These all could provide ample opportunity for parasitic infection (long-term) and indigestion (short-term).
-None of the above? Try adding canned pumpkin to her diet.  If things don't get better, find out her previous food and transition her back.  If still no improvement, consider changing foods to a limited ingredient/hypoallergenic brand with a new protein that she hasn't eaten before.  Most vets will recommend rabbit, venison or bison.
An imp from Doom....
Oh so relevant: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nrHtAsihY4
We've never seen this before.
Thank you.
Thanks for the information.  I don't the required tools for hardening so mine would probably just have to be a decorative knife since I only have stuff for shaping the steel.
It's even worse if you're white AND a male.
I'm sure lots of Muslims everywhere disagree, especially when they think only other Muslims are listening. I have spent plenty of time arguing with Muslims living in the west over old men fucking little girls. If the Prophet did it, it's allowed. Nay, encouraged. he is a man to be emulated. There are plenty of stories about [child brides seeking divorces in Yemen](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/meast/08/26/yemen.divorce/index.html) for example and Afghanistan if you'd like to search for them. 
Take anything from a reality TV show with a grain of salt. All of that garbage is staged to be controversial so people will continue watching. 
This will put the company I work for almost out of business. They will have less discharged patients to take home.
Check out that chick breaking her ankle on the right.
I know. Gotta hate the way people just change the way words are used over time. I still only use it to refer to hanging under bridges looking for some billy goats.
By "snagged" I hope you mean exchanged this for cash.
My point was just that most times it doesn't matter if you're rich or poor since you don't have to pay the money up front.
None of my SOs have said one way or the other, but I like the feeling better.
I've seen some very mixed advice about Nair. I, for one, am a total advocate.  I love the smoothness and the lack of itching when it starts growing in again.
Thanks - I've got plenty of failure and gone so far down the retail trading rabbit hole that I feel would very comfortable in an interview.
Basically I am at a juncture where I can 
a) seek to create a track record with the models I've developed and start a small fund with friends and family money - this would take at least 1 year and there is obviously no guarantee of success and even after raising 1Million in funds with a 2/20 structure and overhead I will still be making <50K
b) take what I have an try to get in the industry - pay some dues and either get to where I am happy or go back to step a) but with a robust resume/backup plan.
I felt like a) held way too much risk...
23 legendaries....the gods of fortune were smiling on me yesterday....
In Kansas City it seems to me like surplus firearms are dead on acceptable market price, regardless of condition (mosin for $110-$120, sks for $350, etc.) and the new production guns are marked up maybe %10-20 over market price ($750 for a unconverted saiga 12 is an example).
I haven't seen any deals, except for a 10/22 takedown at $300 before ruger stopped taking orders. still kicking myself for not picking that one up, ive seen a couple selling at $400.
Give it a try. It may not change your mind but at least you'll get hit in the face a few times. 
I don't know about the orange, I'm trying to figure it out.  
I'm looking through my book of Symbols and it says:  
Orange  
Symbolic meanings: balance between spirit and sexuality; fertility and yet virginity; energy; the Sun; like yellow, orange is believed to be an appetite stimulant.  
Orange has two aspects that we see time and time again, pivoting between the material and spiritual worlds, which is not surprising given that the color itself is a balance between red and yellow. As such, it represents the second chakra, the first being red, and the third, yellow. Orange is vibrant, cheerful color that definitely lifts the spirits. The orange blossom is the traditional flower for brides because fruit and flower can appear on the orange tree at the same time, hence the virginity/fertility symbol. Similarly, a Hindu bride has an orange powder smeared on her forehead once she is married, a sing of her status. Hindu places of worship are indicated by an orange flag or banner, which is replaced once a year and effusive ceremony. Then the book goes on talking about the original color of carrots. I cannot find a connection to its symbolism though.
Good luck! Good to have you.
You definitely sounded like a fangirl, lulz.
can we expect any vampires in the next set. one of my freinds hinted that they were in the white and black guild
no the thread is "what is the stupidest thing you did as a kid to look *cool*"
Irreversible when reversed twice
OK fine, but can we not talk about zonal marking?
Yep... in fact, it looks too anime like in all the pictures.
I approve of this message.
Haha dozens....but imma definitely check it out.
[That book was heartbreaking. I thought there would be an uprising or revolution, but no. They got him and they broke him.](/spoiler)
It was 12.23km long and the total ascent was 654m. Not a lot for some, but it was plenty for me.
American bias, but most places will give a few weeks off a year.
That's cool.  I like the rarity of items like that I think it really adds a lot of enjoyment to the game.
Downvote for being a hypocritical idiot
a) 99
b) 3
c) 98
Lower than usual, but this is a laptop keyboard on the couch.  Could probably do 20wpm higher with correct posture and a full-sized clicky keyboard.
Sounds like a nightmare to be a bartender there though.
Neither. The US gov't would waste whatever money they get, just like they do now. It's not about HOW we get the taxes, it's about putting people in power who know how to spend what we got wisely. 
I agree with this.
Whats between your legs means very little
I can breath with my nose and mouth at the same time.
Nothing, really. The Rockets GM actually mentioned how nothing out there (Mainstream wise) was really good for judging defense.
I've seen people use RAPM to judge for impact on defense. It doesn't judge actual defensive skill, but it's supposed to show the difference of the scoring margin when a player is on the court vs him on the bench.
In an international since, compared to political parties around the globe. The fact that those things you brought up are still issues in this country indicates how conservative we are compared to the rest of the westernized world.
This is both the funniest and saddest thing I've read all week!
LA is not in the Bay Area market.
No the bulldozer architecture is just horrible. Apparently though if you buy AMD you can get the Andriod app store on win8 but that wouldn't sell me on it. I would buy a 3220 over the FX-6100.
... I'd have to drop whatever we were doing and just leave. Quest failed. NEXT ONE!
Thanks! She is more upset about it than I am, since she requires more surgeries than I do,  I only needed the one for my diagnosis. She had six kids and is needing more to fix up some things in there :-) I understand her frustration, but I made the point that she should be grateful that we at least have good insurance, and brought up the story of a friend of mine who is allowed 6 doctors visits a year, so she can't start getting treated for her pain because it would require a monthly visit. I hope we get all of our problems as a country sorted out sooner than later.
yeah i agree, i watched the extended versions, while they show a lot of interesting stuff it doesn't have the good flow the original versions have and i do think they did an amazing job fitting the story together. 
>as well as feel regret.
Well as Ambsase stated, Cassius gave up his coin without feeling regret at all, intending to get another coin from Nicodemus later.
Don't give up. Have patience. 
is that the diaper genie of horror?
lol, they can speak about our mod drama, SRD mod drama is the pure diamond of mod drama.
Google straw man logic fallacy.  
[Direct link to download](http://rs644p5.rapidshare.com/cgi-bin/rsapi.cgi?sub=download&fileid=2718577251&filename=HydroponicNutrientCalculator.ods&dlauth=0123456789)
This is a great reply. You've said a lot of stuff that I need to think about.
One question I have is, isn't a persons happiness something of value? Or how about asking them to pass it on to someone else? I'll have to think about it.
The only time it is OK to punch a woman in the face is if they deliberately do this.  They know it hurts, they just don't realize it is a pain unique to men.
I love black friday shopping. Last year was my first time..I was hooked. LOL. 
Well, happy birthday to you! Doing anything exciting?!
Yup. Thanks for losing Stanford, and thanks to Washington for beating them. =P
For the record, I'm terrified that we're ranked this high right now.
I seem to recall that Capistrano does all of this as well, and is preconfigured for rails apps.
That plastic cup of juice ruined it for me. Other than that, fantastic. 
LUL WHAT
He a troll
Where did you get that wand? and/or what is the name of that wand? and ofc, awesome work.
Gather tons of stuff from the modern day that may increase in value (I'm thinking tons of pennies, maybe some collectables/memorabilia that's worthless/too new today, then I'd go forward a couple hundred years (Don't want to go too far otherwise I increase the risk of my language being incompatible with what is spoken in the future) and sell it all, and hope that it gives me a large enough nestegg to take advantage of the new/improved tech.  
$8 PayPal for Portal 2?
Pleas put Band Name - Song Title in your post title.
Allthough these kids are obviously apathetic retards... You are a total fag WolverineofReddit, if I was talking about Led Zeppelin and you summarized teddy Roosevelt i would faceplam myself...
That's an interesting way of putting it
"Accepting Christ means doing so and so"
. . .Is it possible that "everyone who believes in him may not perish". . . is a. . ."condition?" As in the word 'may' means has the ability to? 
the moment toy story 3 ended in theaters
I do not like this alter . . . because now I just want to buy alters from you. It's a sickness!
The defense needs to get more stops on third and longs.  There were too many today.  Just barely slipped by for that win, but I'll take it.
It's not just the fact that there are more weapons - it's the fact that it's something else to level up while playing.  
I really only use the 'new' guns so I can unlock the attachments for them - it's something to do when *"just playing the game"* becomes tedious and borderline boring.
What monster level is a goat shaman hitting you for 30k-40k? 
>Well thanks to my dog waking me up absurdly early this morning I find myself with some spare time so I figured I best get to typing. 
I've never once been woken up too early and said "Let me do some work". 
Lol. I like your use of commonfucking sense.
I've been called worse, make sure to post it to SRS they get off on shit like this.
Oh, I see. Personally, I've never experienced it, but even if you're prone to it, there are ways to shave properly so you don't get it. /r/wicked_edge might help.
I don't think that was with the jib... haha
Honestly, for most golf events I would say yes.  However, this is the Ryder Cup.  It's always been this way and always will be...it's part of having home advantage but that's just my opinion.
Hmm. It sounds like the sitelock is failing. Is your internet setup doing something wonky like bouncing through weird filters, or are you perhaps omitting the www. at the front of the URL?
I own a set of these keys and they're nice.  The mag stripe enabled elevators (typically found in hospitals for emergency personnel) are pathetically easy due the second track encoding. Just change the first few "digits" to 000 and BAM! source; also used to work in a few hospitals around NY(c).
The Fate series (and Type-Moon in general) is right on the line between Shounen and Seinen imo.  You can call it either.
Pheasant is a bird I have yet to eat.
exactly, I really wasn't disappointed in the offense this game. Also AD was on the ball (quite literally) 
This is what mods are for! Where are our mods?
Who is Billy Pilgrim?
how did each of you randomly find out about this page? surely u didnt just type in www.reddit.com/r/mylittlealcoholic and hope for the best?
Whoa. I've known quite a few female friends who fully supported their guys (while they stayed at home, played video games and bitched/moaned about shit: there isn't any tasty/expensive food in the house; I have nothing to do; I'm bored; etc). 99% of those guys never had jobs, never contributed anything (did any cleaning or laundry, etc), nothing, and stupidly my friends endured it -- so no, men don't always/usually get the brunt of it. (The one guy who *DID* get a job, fucking never paid for *anything,* he made her pay for all the bills (save for internet, but she couldn't use it because her computer was crap, and she wasn't allowed to use his computer/other devices), and even tried to back out of paying for his part of a mutually agreed upon trip (after it had already been booked-- non-refundable). It's about someone's relationship, and what that person is willing to put up with or isn't, nothing to do with gender.
I am a senior and i agree. I actually had a long weekend. It was full of gaming and lazy.
Allow me to reform the question: why is the principle justified, but an alternative principle like "all other things being equal, the explanation that is most coherent with scripture is the best one" is unjustified?
You're right about "atheist epistemology". How about "epistemological from which atheism can be deduced as a logical result"?
Troll posts? None of my posts are intended to make anyone angry or offended. But yes, I do enjoy parodies and taking things out of context.
First read this as The Case for Abolishing Parents (Yes, All of Them). His actual proposition is a bit more reasonable.
it was just scared of those dirty ass boats
Make sure your nails are cleaned of oils before you dunk them, and I have always found that it is easier for me to submerge my finger and then raise it into the colour rather than dip it into the colour from above.
It tends to drape without bubbles that way, and I get a better pattern placement result.
If you want good apples, Ohio grows really good apples.
Yeah it isn't. I had this book as a kid, something like "The world-record paper-airplane book", which contained instructions for a bunch of planes made by the world record throwers. The plane that fry threw was called the vortex in that book. I don't remember exactly how to make it, all i can say is buy the book cause it was awesome!
    [1] m1 + (9x-6) = 180
    [2] m2 + (8.5x+2) = 180
    [3] m1 ~= m2
Replace the **m2** in **[2]** with **m1**.
    [4] m1 + 9x - 6 = 180
    [5] m1 + 8.5x + 2 = 180
Subtract **[5]** from **[4]**.
      m1 +   9x - 6 = 180
    -[m1 + 8.5x + 2 = 180]
    ----------------------
      0  + 0.5x - 8 = 0
    0.5x = 8
    >> x = 16
When my math stop resembling numbers.
It was hard for me too. I didn't sort of master the *technique* until I was 26, I felt too uncomfortable. I felt naked when being looked at the eye, as if people could read my mind. But practice makes perfect (it's also faster if you can request help from someone you trust).
Try this: look at the eye and show a mild smile (practice with your own reflection in a mirror at home). After a short exchange of words (2-4 sentences per person) relax just for a couple seconds and look anywhere else not too far from you (your hands, your clothes, your shoes, anywhere in the room/street, lightly scratch any part of your body... never look at your clock!), and start again. During the conversation, while you're thinking about some question or response it's OK for a while to look down, to a blank wall, to the table...
Think about it like a rubber band: if you constantly add tension it will break soon, if you don't put any it will be too loose and eventually you'll lose it, but you can stretch it and relax tension with no risk as many times as you want.
No, you don't, because pricing is more complicated than that. 
In relation to textbooks, the biggest factor that will keep prices high is that there are set compulsory texts. There is *no* consumer choice possible, so market forces don't come into play at that level. 
Anyone selling textbooks right now will redouble their lobbying, their customer relationships (with the universities, and with individual lecturers), and be looking at their incentive structure (ie. their kickbacks). 
Whilst there is an incentive for individual publishers to compete, that is dwarfed by the gains to be had by all by colluding - and that's how the 'free' market works in the real world. Businesses are about making money, satisfying the consumer is a *means* to that end, not an end in itself. If it is more profitable to *not care much* about the customer, then they'll do that instead.
There actually are astronomical models that could result in this inherent randomness; namely those in which Earth has no moon, and wobbles unpredictably along it's axis. But yeah, everyone has been saying the reason is magical. Although I've never seen the text, I just believe what the more serious fans tell me
I loved those guys. Had their 1st cd growing up. One time for Halloween think I was in 1st grade didn't have a costume. So I went into the bathroom and changed my clothes around to look like them. Teacher didn't know what I was trying to do. 
Wow, those are really great, though the first one does look unnecessarily elaborate. 
I think the main opposition to these is that the city would insist on making them too perfect for safety regulations (which would be a lot more expensive than what I'm thinking) because when something happens it would be on the city instead of on a random driver who didn't yield. 
Same here. I know how you feel. 
Onions were on sale today
You can find locations on tournaments on the Pokemon website. https://www.pokemon.com/us/account/events/   Look for one that says "active". They will let you use old cards and will get you a Pokemon ID number and should give you some promos too. 
A sanctioned tournament is where you can get points but you can go to regular tournaments. They rotate the cards so most of the time by only include cards released in the past 2 years. So they would not let you enter one with older cards. 
I used airodump and aircrack-ng to capture & crack my neighbour's 128-bit WEP key, I then scanned the network to find services running. I then cross-checked those services with recent vulnerabilities and was able to produce a working exploit which allowed me to run a remote shell on the system. After installing a crypted RAT and monitoring his bank login I decided to check my silent drive-by on the server I rooted, yay! 318 new installs!.
But reddit I'm bored of this standard computer use so I'm going to today enter the dark world of hacking, I'm about to install flash and bonzi buddy. Wish me luck guys!
domogenesis - Domo
francistenenbaum - Frank Ocean
evildolphin - Jasper
lordniggy - Hodgey 
wasabimcgruff - Left Brain i think
Yung Taco - Taco 
And I know Tyler has one because he tweets about it all the time but its private
I'm not much better. I have to somehow talk a Badass Mutant Varkid out of my bed.
As someone with little background in MMOs, I cannot relate at all to your mindset. Basically it sounds like you want the game to tell you what you do, and you do it. After you do it, you get better stuff. Who wants a direct time put in to reward conversion besides those who play 100% just to say they beat it? The whole point of having role play even play a part is that you are given a new world where your decisions affect your experience. It is quite obvious this happens in the personal story, but it also happens with how you decide to grind for gear. Anet tried their hardest to balance this game to make areas fit to your level, making the entire game endgame to be enjoyed in almost any order. 
I mean, if you really want to play this game as you have with MMOs in the past, then spend 30 minutes looking up the best known ways to farm gold, karma, and experience, and do that everyday like a bot. But me, I am going to go to whatever zone I choose, farming in whatever way I can, and I'll find a way to do it better.
Next stop: Hookers and Blackjack!
Marbles? You're going to roll *marbles* at someone who's breaking into your house?
I'm totally going to rob your house. Marbles ain't got shit on a 9mm.
We tend to beat good teams when it does not matter (every defending super bowl champ).
Haha the jaguars glasses are way too small
The first time, I read that as bear not "bar."
WHY DOES THIS BEAR KNOW MORE ABOUT THE STOCK MARKET THAN i DO?
You know, from a person I've upvoted quite a bit, I would have expected better.
i think you'll be fine
If she doesn't want him to think she likes him, then you're not standing in her way. She's standing in her own way. Encourage her to approach guys she's interested in; that will let them know she's single.
Please add Band Name - Song Title to your music post titles.
I went from hysterical laughter to sheer terror by going from left to right.
The large empty building on the left will be my new super massive shower room as it's currently a complete cluster fuck when they all bum-rush for the showers in the south
>Tyrion himself says this himself multiple times
That's more along the lines of trying to keep his emotional distance. "She's just a whore, she's just a whore..." kind of a thing. But she does say things that would lead him to think they're in a real relationship. That's being manipulative, not being an escort. 
Also, Tyrion should not strike *anyone* as the kind of man who wants his whore to pretend to be in serious relationship with him, so I seriously doubt that Shae thought they were supposed to be doing some sort of romantic roleplaying.
That one that reads out your posts. 
I had that problem too when I had to read 1776 for a school assignment. I used Calibre to convert it to an epub and just read it in Aldiko. It wasn't the neatest solution, but it worked.
I felt bad when I killed his dog
I use the single blade disposable bic. Perfect every time
I workout mid-day so that doesn't matter to me. I'd maybe eat if I was going to work out in the morning, but I'll tell you what: on weekends I will end up getting up and getting shit done. I don't eat breakfast, so I just get out the door, come home, and start working on whatever project.
Just today I didn't eat a thing until 1pm. I wasn't hungry, and I was full of energy. My reaction was like "Oh shit... I should probably eat something"
[](/ajlol) I forced it back in since I was worried about compatibility. And also because it otherwise ends up coming from somewhere weird like r/applebloom. BPM has a click blocker, though, so it's fine for now. It'll go away more permanently when I can tag it, I think.
weed is rarely used in a hookah.
please delete
<--- op
are you sure becuase it's clearly stated as free on the liscensed software list. http://www.drexel.edu/irt/software/softwarelist/
and the book is free on the onlnie library system
Anyone else have ideas?
Yup, but when you play sloppy and still win, its a good sign. Good teams win, even when they shouldn't.
Asking to be made OP in your whitelist post is a bad idea. Access Denied.
This was right up there with Benjamin pinning HHH.
True enough, true enough.  I just listen to it as if it's internet radio at work, but then again I'm also doing mostly non-interaction stuff, so I'm lucky on that end.  
Is there no escape form this image!?
A couple she saw? Who is this song about?
When I play rammus, all I say during the game is ok.
"Rammus can I have blue?"
"ok."
"Rammus gank bot omg fkn noob"
"ok."
Nice, nothing like a fast game of Civ.  I haven't played in a few years now.  :-(
Oh dear god that's horrific
I would've forgotten to check back to the original thread and then I would have missed this awesome song :(
I read this as freddie mercury used to call his maids while touring and insist they talk to his cats. If I ever have maids I'm doing this.
Whenever did I say you were?
I don't think gaining a significant amount of muscle mass is beneficial or desirable in snowboarding. Having a strong core and legs are paramount, but at some point the increased body weight due to muscle mass becomes a hindrance. In fact, most of the really good kids I see on the mountain and in videos are relatively slim, but agile.
I'm a somewhat muscular guy and while I have no problems doing pretty much everything on the mountain (except for park, which I'm just getting into), I often wish I had less weight to throw around.
This is Craig's paper on the Kalam for the Blackwell Companion to NT, which should help until the other guy gets back to you http://commonsenseatheism.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/05/craig-and-sinclair-the-kalam-cosmological-argument.pdf
I don't really know why you got downvoted. The changes will be most likely applied in wednesday
Well seeing as foodandart could be either a female or gay male, I'd say that they know it because they also have a subscription to Enigmatic Boys.
There's a couple at my LGS who bring their kid and his friends regularly, passing the time while he plays by chatting with older gamers. It's always struck me as cute. Plus, the kid is getting pretty darn good - he routinely goes 2-1 in draft or 3-2 in Standard.
Actually I heard em too around noonish in north denver.
okay?  that doesn't mean you throw the whole tone out the window
I wasn't involved in the conversation at all, I just saw this picture on another website haha
They probably lost a lot of bees-nes
It's funny because the real danger of coming into contact with liquid nitrogen is deceptively easy to prevent by a thin layer of cloth.  I'm laughing in the face of danger, not writing a stand-up skit
No doubt! Our teams will bounce back next game though. I mean, 0-5? Surely not...
I have an engineering degree.
If I tried to do the job I have now (not revealing what it is for some degree of privacy), I wouldn't be able to function at all.
Biologists do have their own professions though, you just have to look for them.
OH WAIT. Okay I see the problem here. I thought this reply thread was in SRDBroke modmail because I didn't click back to see the context. I AM DUMB AS HELL IGNORE ME
[You need to see this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1b7h6pyJ83M)
Props on catching a day tripper.
Ahaha, oh jeez. Of course. I totally forgot about it. 
The first champ I saw any reliable success with was Tristana.  I told a guy one time, "It's cool, people are scared of Yi and Tristana, lane with me."
We got stomped.
Don't speak ill of Professor Brian Cox.
yea, i'm not sure what i said to unleash downvotes lol 
oh well! the pup is cute :)
So much win in this pic!
I'm a registered republican in florida but really I'm more left leaning. I just figured it would be easier this way.
Am I missing the downvote somewhere?
Time for a change, methinks.  Unless you like that sort of thing, of course.
You're right. I really should have done my checking before hand. :P 
hahaha, i had the same reaction!
And how long would it take a government-sponsored team to hack a system like GitHub?
I hope you get cancer. 
Seriously THIS GIRL IS A FUCKING PERSON WITH FEELINGS AND EMOTIONS. 
She's not a fucking toy to be used by you or anyone else. 
If they both agree casual sex is fine, then great! Lying however, to get in someones pants is stupid and hurtful. 
I have no idea where, but I found the entirety of this book online once and read it there (including the part about silencer-making).
It was a few years back, and I'm not looking it up again right now.  But just so others know, it was there, and might still be if you care to wade through Google search results.
EDIT: I should add that I read it purely for purposes of amusement.  I get bored, OK?
We appreciate everyone helping each other out, but please don't post links to PDFs/torrents/etc. We try to run a relatively piracy-free zone out of respect for the professionals who come and do AMAs here.
What does "American attitude" have anything to do here, lmao. 
Until you have a head to head race between the two, you won't know which would be faster.
buy a sweet ass trampoline for my son.
I'm his girl on the side.
This is just plain wrong. Some of the damage you do to your lungs is reversible but a lot of it is not. For example, when alveoli are damaged/broken, they stay that way for ever. There is no repairing them  or growing back. However about a year after you quit smoking your chance of getting lung cancer has returned to that of a non-smoker. 
What the hell do hipsters have anything to do with it? This hipster bullshit is so annoying on Reddit.
Twice. Just ask her out.
I can picture it now. Bathed in the glow of your screen in an otherwise dark room. Slumped back in your chair with your head cocked to the side. A blank look on your face. You're wearing a pair of plaid boxers with just your balls pulled through the flap. Lazily plucking hairs out of your nutsack. It's mostly hairy with a big bald spot right in the middle.
I bought my pants, size 34/36 at lands end
The egg has no purpose and really isn't supposed to be picked up any way. It can be picked up using a piston but that's more of a glitch.
> That being said we drive each other batty every day.
Yeah, [polish that turd.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiJ9fy1qSFI) 
i think the biggest fuck you would be if instead of having "you died" it said "fuck you." pretty big fuck you imo.
Well, it's mainly that they're paid plenty for the show.
But, if you're asking how other people do that sort of stuff.....being trashy isn't actually that much money. 
If you don't care about quality, drinking is a cheap occupation, partying isn't very expensive, hair gel/tanning spray isn't that much money (especially if you don't care about looking like an orange), and clothes...eh. Pick up some counterfeits in NYC or just prioritize clothing over eating right/living somewhere decent, like many people do.
umm...  the idea is to use nothing dumbass.
Sir, it could go either way. A lady can be very classy in a swimsuit. As you see that Miss Theron is not exposing herself in a whorish manner, she's giving off that classy look that gentlemen desire when they're alongside a pool. If say she was exposing herself in a very non-classy way (see Paris Hilton) then I would very much-so agree with you. But I must disagree with you on this. I feel that she is classy, IN THIS SETTING nonetheless. 
Oh, *now* I see it. 
It took me to a strip of Garfield sneezing... 
There are plenty of them, trust me. 
EXTREMELY white man from Michigan checking in.  Whattup.
I believe because Miami is AFC (CBS) and 49ers are (Fox). more people are watching on tv in those areas than the home teams
 That's what annoys me about Linux..They just keep reinventing the wheel instead of taking the wheels already in place and making them better...
Still E has been around for awhile and does continue to improve. 
If we switch this guy with Justin Bieber will these two stories disappear?
So I didn't go into this, to avoid a wall of text, but: She knows (from the beginning) that the one pet peeve I have with her is that she is HORRIBLE at communicating. If she has a problem, she will just let it fester for days, until I finally give in and initiate the conversation to figure out what's wrong.
I realize the three things I've pointed out are emotionally immature, I'm just sick of being the one to initiate the "serious conversation", and ask what's wrong.
[](/twicrazy "watch your back") But I've seen you.
I'm with you on Light Side. Though my Light Side Consular and I would want the Jedi to be neutral, and separate from the Republic. but that's not an option
I made a Sith Warrior for 3 reasons. 1) I want to see the whole story of the game. 2) I want the Darkside Legacy unlocks. 3) It's fun for those frustrating days when I just want to kick some but and be terrible.
PM me, I'll take $100 000 and create something that would be, eventually, beneficial to the entire world.
On that entire list only /r/BaguettesInButts was purple, but I can't for the life of me figure out why, when, or how. 
So much shame. So much.
No shit, but we don't live in an ideal world.
IF WE DID I'D BE RIDING NYAN CAT AND FLYING AROUND THE WORLD!
How is Wolverine getting another movie? If they'd cut every scene but those with Ryan Reynolds speaking, it'd been the 2nd best X-men movie released. But no, everyone has to see more Wolverine.
I remember when he said that Google Now was a lot more reliable than Siri... right after Google Now failed to set an alarm that Siri could set.
This has to be a sign of the apocalypse. 
This is neither an original criticism, nor one new to reddit. 
Who the fuck reads a text message at the urinal?  You taking a half hour long piss?
By your logic Ron Jaworski should be under center.
Yes but you get Windows Vista instead
University Wisconsin at Madison has [Der Rathskaeller](http://www.union.wisc.edu/dine-rathskeller.htm), but my stomping ground was [The Gasthaus](http://www.aux.uwm.edu/dining/pages/locations/union/the-gasthaus.php) -- which is the only University student union bar that I have ever heard of that has a full service bar. I actually worked at The Gasthaus during my tenure. Probably the most interesting thing about this bar was that, despite the fact that its student staff were rather generous with the pours and the servings of food, it brought in more revenue than all of the other food service establishments in the union... combined.
Nope. You should have known better than to do updates by now.
dis shit just cracked me up
That show was called Roseanne.
WTF this tf .. I should have take mid.
This thread is comedy Au
Haha, I had a fn condo in the suburbs at 22! Why? It laid the groundwork for owning a single family home OUTRIGHT at age 38. It's called "responsible fiscal planning." Ha!
Hahaha that was a fun raid. I'm not the dude in the cap, but last night was great.
Front to back- no bladder infections.  Actually, that won't cause one for a guy, but I can't imaging going back to front.  A coworker insists that is how he does it and that there is no other way.  Sounds messy.
Lets play "whose a spoiled kid".
You win!
[I hope this helps.](http://www.reddit.com/r/KerbalSpaceProgram/comments/1099xy/eli5_how_the_hell_do_i_make_it_to_other_planets/c6bhb1r)
Also a mere issue of morality. Like nobody has ever done anything life threateningly stupid before.
Every time you go outside you risk disease and mass murderers.
Good on a lot of junglers, slow mids like Anivia / TF, ADs like Ashe & tops like Darius.
I'm gonna upvote just for your username. you boss that sauce, ross.
Thank you for your unhelpful comment. I am using the Kalam argument that is used in debates, where listing 13 premises is simply too long.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmdQ7-iJTG8
Sounds like everything is normal.  My only advice is to not judge a beer before it is carbonated and conditioned.  Gravity samples can help you tell whether it's infected or not and also give you knowledge of how beer develops, but they may not be reflective of the ultimate product.
TIL you're not very up on the news.
JUST THROW OUT UNFOUNDED INSULTS LIKE THE UNEDUCATED REPUBLICAN YOU ARE! 
I'm extremely irregular, so it's almost always a surprise. I haven't gotten used to it yet, but hopefully I will soon. 
If you posted without such a pathetic title I might have upvoted
exactly upvote for you, punk bitch
Haha! Got it on Monday so I couldn't ride much during the week and then it rained yesterday. Took it at least 100 miles today!
Saw all those stupid penalties and dropped passes? We are suffering from a major lack of focus. 
Guess you do need a real head coach after all :(
Now you have to try and catch up to me, and be able to say "I have seen both seasons three times."
Hey, still 12 to play and I think we're looking better than I ever expected at this point.
*hug ?
Hanging him seems mean.
Aww, reminded me of [this](http://www.27bslash6.com/images/spiderdrawing.gif) only sad because he is dead
She is clearly dumb for marrying you... Too bad your daughter shares your DNA. 
Rep the Mad Town!
I have spent the last two years researching my condition. There are hundreds of people out there with the exact same symptoms as me, and all of us have spent hundreds of thousands of dollars being tested, scanned, and poked with needles for years on end. No one has found a cure. 
That smirk and those eyes. If you asked me out and winked at me there's no way in hell I'd be able to say no.
That's just how reddit works. Look at /r/atheism.
Religion plays a bigger role in their lives than the people they mock.
Nothing in the title suggested that the intent was to "undermine people". You are seeing what you want to see. 
Giants fans are like Hitlers
And helps draw the attention of the user.
I got a level 38 zerker and im on PT2. my GT is Brain Clouds.
Haha same here! It teaches speed so you can keep up with conversation while selling lobs
Shit, commented what I thought would be a PM. So, doing that...
My Calc 3 prof was an old Chinese man, every time he said "Jacobian" it sounded like Master Splinter
Same movie but, for whatever reason, the knife cutting cheek scene terrifies me. 
My correction shouldn't imply any anger or butthurtedness.
It should play it pretty good. Depends on the server. 
I have made some shitty sexual choices when under the influence; choices I wouldn't have made had I been sober, but I made them. I can empathize with you, based on how you described your feelings. 
Getting it off your chest is a great way to deal with the feelings.
About 1K, so far. I have a sequel coming out soon, which should more than double that.
I don't want him cut, he's a great kicker. 
Is he the reason we lost two in a row and are not at the top of our division? Yes, no doubt in my mind. 
I agree with /u/watermelon pickle, I think we just need to bring in someone to compete with him.
Don't worry friend, as did i. Than lost it when i saw your.comment. 
I love how the suggestion of work arouses so much resistance from Redditors.
I'll have to travel to some unspecified point in the future and ask myself.
shifting around dem bits and calls stacks and things...
oh god. the horror
My much larger friend and I got on our GT Snow Racer's (http://www.zollerhardware.com/sites/318/library/king_size_snowracer.jpg) and tied the front together with about 10-15 feet of rope then intentionally went down a hill on opposite sides of a lamp post. It did not end well. I'm surprised we didn't break any bones.
Lin lifting her armor over herself and equipping it. She didn't touch it all. Or Lin lifting the panel off the floor of Sato's secret garage.
Yeah, im giving him a little too much credit. He's decent, but definitely not a superbowl QB.
I never got to finish the job...they bombarded me with cameras and microphones
Hahahahahaha, what? If someone doesn't react in the exact same way as you, they're not a true brony?
Dude, the only requirement for being a brony is watching MLP. Get over yourself.
Well your role is out Brony, what will you do now?
Two things: This is the FIRST state to ban this form of psychological malpractice? That's terrifying. 
And second, this is the reason I can't stand the community in Msnbc. Just look at the host of up-voted disgustingly homophobic comments on there. 
Why would you hope that?
See that girl who is sitting about 5 feet on your left? DO NOT go and get attached to her, it will ruin the rest of your high school years. 
What cue do you play with? And have you ever used the lathes at the shop to do any cue repair?
I think the general answer from that crowd would be, "I don't know."
Since many of us don't have an answer, we aren't replying to the question.
I'm talking about the picture that op posted. Are you dense?
there was this English comedy show called Black Books with the Irish comedian Dylan Moran. Drinks, cigarettes and cynicism at its best!
Anything can happen. Really wouldn't expect a team like that to go 0-3 though.
seriously, i feel like this year is his decline year...i cant see him breaking a thousand yards this year
What's the story on this pressing? I've never seen or heard of this one...
You guys sound like whiny children.
No oranges from the warrior or bewm, fuck you XD
Although I have received two oranges from King Mong. Not sure if it's a standard drop, but both times I killed him, he dropped a Badaboom (One corrosive, one explosive)
I wore a jedi apprentice braid to school.
ETA: it was a clip-on, not my real hair. I didn't even have a buzz cut to go with it.
Karma for week one... But the Packers got dominated... I don't understand.
3 Keys + Yak + Renegade Ops(Game)? 
Greetings, & thank you for the polite reply.  However, please note that it's kind of rude to assume people here need basic terms explained to them.   And ironically, your use of "dysphoria" was incorrect: you meant "gender dysphoria."  
Anyways, thank you for your answer.  However your answer is very vague & lacking in specific details.  (Maybe that's how it feels to you. . .)  
Can you explain your feelings any more specifically?
Have a nice day.
Shh, grown ups are talking.
jerk jesus strikes again :D
this has to be one of my favourite memes
in the final analysis for all the advantages, it sucks being alone - married/relationship 24 years, single 10 (11-5-13-5 and counting) - I'd go back tomorrow 
I get that some girls feel pressured/expected to follow those habits. I don't get why they give into them. Anything you do should be done for yourself and no one else. And if you're going through pain to get there, I just find that sadistic.
But I also have extremely bad social issues and have a difficult time relating to feelings of "normal" people. My thoughts on any pressures of society to look a certain way are very likely skewed by that. Most of my thoughts are.
This is a terrible idea this program saved my life when I was a teen I became suicidel fighting my urgies I did not want my parent's to accept it i wanted to be normal my parent's where very open minded try explaining why you have two moms in the late 80's I guess since they where gay they wanted me to be or ok with me being gay but i was not 
Especially since /r/politics *and* /r/atheism are two default subreddits new users are subscribed to. Many never bother to delete them, and are then subject to two enormous groups on Reddit with very, very biased opinions.
My eyes... They've just thrown up.
 I was actually talking about the Jayce, RF Legendary.
Yep.  If I'm buying a physical copy of a game now it's from amazon.
The ecstasy ones are my favorite too, for the same reason actually. 
You're completely missing the point, I believe.
Why did you decide to leave Christianity? 
Personally, I don't think anything beats Lot's daughters getting him drunk to have sex with him.
1.33.  Very few actually buy it to wear it now.  Most buy it as a craft hat.
Not bad, i did [these](http://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/lsffr/carved_these_last_night_more_inside/) last year
I don't have too much experience, but I'd say that your best tips would be to use a little bit of olive oil, so the putty doesn't stick, and to get a good scultping tool if you don't have one. And apart from that... Beats the hell out of me. Experiment. Practice making fur on other, less important models first. 
[Watch it before it's gone](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N606Knnr_kY)
They have the skinvantage!
Watch out for flying tampons. I've heard some pretty awful stories.
TIL: Mitt Romney is not just a soulless husk of a politician. 
But seriously.  He is.
Woohoo! You've satisfied the voice in your head to do that! Now satisfy the other ones that say show up to a restaurant without pants and underwear, and the other one that tells you that that one girl has a rape-fetish.
Gotta collectem all
Oh. Did not noticed that. Eyes went straight to the game screenshots.
Thanks!
Björk sounds like Björk on acid.
Sooo in second grade you had as much money as my mom made every two weeks. Nice. 
How did he look horrible? He fought a great fight and mixed it up like we've never seen before. Shows that he's improving all aspects of his game. 
Yeah, I want to get a 125 gallon and do it but put a lot more detail into it and make it look a lot more natural.
I come from a different kind of point of view on this. I love sex and women, so much that there have been hundreds. This also means I've been through just about any form of flirtation, game women wants to play etc etc. So now I prefer it if women make the move just simply because I hate wasting time. I want it easy.
Ehh, some of the MLG pros are snotty bitches. But I agree with everything else
YES! Thank you, good sir. It has been years! 
This is a commercial
I can wiggle my ears
During weight loss, your adipose tissue will be releasing fatty acids (and whatever else stored there, including cholesterol) into your blood. For technical reasons, this is counted as LDL-C, totally unfairly. Soooo, until your weight stabilizes, your LDL-C will be over-reported in the tests.
Briefly, the reason is that the tests done don't measure LDL-C. They measure total cholesterol, HDL-C, and Triglycerides. From those, the LDL-C is calculated. And when you're losing fat, the calculation is wrong, *wrong*, **WRONG**.
How old do you have to be? plz answer 
For san diego,CA  Pubstomp 
It's all about innocence. It's the same reason why the whole "We need to censor the web to protect our kids from *pedophiles*" scare works. 
**Rule 1**
*No pictures with added text*
You can post this in /r/images if you want.
Yeah, it's not a house at all! Enough with your lies IHOP.
This was my sisters senior class last year....
I have actually spent least time on trawl boats. I'm a longline fisherman. More specific automatic line fishing, indicating that we have a baiting machine on board.
No I have no pot boat experience
Once in a while there are observers on board. Everyone hates that because then they have to keep all kinds of worthless fish and store it propperly. Due to regulations we aren't allowed to throw away anything that comes up on he hooks and as a precaution we keep everything. Some of them are less anuses and knows how it works and just look the other way. Others will see us throw out one fish and report the captain
I saw the Eagle fans in the parking lot, warming up their battery whippin' arms.
Two chicks at the same time.
Fun fact: if you have a DA31 on you the MPs will not bother you about curfew in the Yongsan area.  This includes mileage passes as they are passes.
Source: I asked an MP, and was stopped by CPP several hours later with no repercussions.
Not anymore you won't.
I can't wait to get a physical copy of golden sun for my gba. FF:TA was a good gba game as well. 
Yep still an atheist but u got to admit as full as shit as he is he knows how to talk 
Yup...as if being not interested will somehow raise your stock, haha
Just what I needed to allow a smoother, more organised experience on my phone. Its a great Launcher indeed.
Creativity. Innovation. Polish. Fun.
I have a pair, do you have any Sequoia M controls and sequoia M engines? 
As a straight guy, you look normal.
As someone who is 40, forget your ex.  I don't give a shit about the women I liked at 18.  I haven't thought about them in 20 years.  Get her out of your life and move on.  You have a *lot* more women in your future.  Most of whom will be better.  Get over it.
[Sorry that lmgur seems to have stolen your thunder after whooshing on your joke (along with a couple hundred others).  You'll get 'em next time, tiger.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/10q50d/men_of_reddit_do_you_shave_down_there/c6fq23c)
are you a part of buying and selling kicks long island? 
i feel like i've seen this picture before online
screw them, you look great.
Nothing like the Christian side of Sharia law.
well if theres a scale of 1 to 10 for coolness, hes an imaginary #
You are the most bad ass man I have ever come across on the internet.
I think you'll be falling back onto Dallas Championship -- the Arenas have all been cancelled for the Fall Season. See: http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=368533 , most notably: 
>As everyone prepares to make Dallas the most insane event ever and we bring you new broadcast programming, we will no longer be holding the previously announced Arena activities. 
Drains act as doors/barriers for water. Imagine a long one-tile-wide room filled with showerheads, all you need is a single drain at the entrance to that room and all water is blocked.
New rule drink every time football.
To be fair, that's every moment on spacedicks.
I don't know why people are downvoting you.  You understand what you did was wrong. 
Personally, I wouldn't stay with a cheating boyfriend, but I try not to judge those who do.
How about go and call animal planet and make a show about the lives of poor helpless dogs stuck in costumes for about a good hour. I'd bet everyone might care then. 
seems interesting if riot is gonna make optional sex gender as a skin, if that would been the case i would want a male skin akali
You seem to have fallen over. This might be worrying.
Have fun!
ITT: Harry Potter Fans
I had the pleasure of realizing my poor girl was squatting for too long and she needed some help. In front of a line of rush hour traffic, my gloved hand and I slowly pulled out a nugget attached to several strands of my hair.
Two cars were laughing, one lady was horrified :D
No clue. Surely they can't be trusted.
We're you there for alison?  If so, you were there when we played Semi-tetris.  We stacked 2 semis on top of each other in the flood waters of an underpass of I-10.
I put a glob of red polish on an old plastic blister pack, dabbed a straw in it, and blew.   
I'll go ahead and put this here for you to take a look: http://imgur.com/a/vr6vn. Its blurry (I apologize). Beside that I assumed it was German because my friends grandfather was stationed in Europe. 
Oh my keyboard's c doesn't always put the character down.  
And it all went fine until he wanted to prove he could count to 21.
Good for you!! **brofist**
As opposed to pure, *filtered*, drunk guy urine?
I have only watched European soccer on TV, but I both envy and shake my head at the segregation of the fans.  
First, the image of the security personnel lining up along the aisles that separate the two groups suggests that there is a deep history of violence.  This is pretty much unknown in US (outside of Oakland, LA, and parts of NJ/Philly).  This makes me sad.
Second, with groups sitting together, they are able to chant and sing in unison, which comes across on tv.  This makes me envious of the atmosphere that must be generated in the stadium.  The US does not seem to have much of this.
>it's pretty obvious that if she had a choice on what classes to take she wouldn't have taken the one that involved swimming.
I agree, and apparently there was no alternative.  This is why it is an infringement on her religious rights.  She shouldn't be compelled by a supposedly secular government to participate in an activity that is at odds with her religious beliefs.
If a course goes against your fundamental beliefs and there is no alternative provided I do believe you should be able to skip it and graduate.  Again, you won't be able to pretend you have knowledge you don't have and your transcripts wouldn't include courses you didn't take.  It would be easy for any prospective universities or employers to tell if you've skipped courses.
Well, you made a bloody mess of that!
I'd love to if I could afford the game. >.>
It has been one of my favorite movies for a long time.
The same in sri lanka,  thailand,  cambodia.  The buddhist monks sit very closely to the seats of power. 
"i stormed down the stairs like it was the D-day landing and a nazi had fucked my wife"
I find this accurate, but hardly 'funny.'
You should never be embarrassed to seek professional counseling, ESPECIALLY if you're broke, or a student, and can get it for cheap/free. 
Neither do we. It's a little bit easier for us, though, because we actually didn't play them.
intended it was in patch notes
this just in!!! some people enjoy games you don't
I know Portland is friendly but having lived in real cities in my past while being a lone wolf female out late at night here's some things that also help:
* Walk with a purpose. You're in a hurry, eyes forward, head up, swift steps, if someone talks to you NOD while you keep walking.
* Never stop to make conversation with strangers EVER. Keep moving
* If someone begins following you make a lot of turns and duck into a crowded well lit place: coffee shop, bar, kinkos, whatever until they are long passed you.
* If you get trapped whip out your cellphone and make like you're calling the POLICE. The threat of the cops showing up will make most predators or drunk people leave. If it's like OP's situation **call the fucking police**. Don't go out alone without a phone call.
* Have someone you know alerted to call the police if you're not there/home in the morning. Baring a safe call or text to them.
Looks like a headcrab...
The original statement was obviously in reference to Christians as a whole and not just conservative coptic Christian leaders in Egypt. 
Ah, Shigley's. Table 3-4; I remember it well.
Who knows. Perhaps they figured that they could leverage their great reputation and change the policy without many noticing.
I don't think people realize it's one of the worst sit down restaurants in the county.
*Dennys* is better. That's sayin' somethin'.
Sweet pan shot btw.  
His name is Robert Paulson
Most artists start out copying pictures, just for practice. That's what I was doing in the first place, but I ended up liking it, so I spent more time on it. I'm aware though, that 100 hours is a bit much.
That shit was the worst. I still just pretend that the last episode never even happened. 
Also, assuming that's tape, that plastic isn't good for you, man. 
Try gamefly.  
Sign up for the $8 trial, before the month's over, cancel and they'll give you a free month.  When the free month's over, cancel and you got 2 months of free games for $8.  
And try to only have 1 game on your game Q.  Near guarantees you'll get the specific game you'd want unless there's a really really really low supply.  
No, but not too different. I'm Mizrahi Jewish with an insane love affair with Assyrian history.
Actually, you wouldn't be fucking anything
Have you already searched through [Ravelry](www.ravelry.com) for ideas? 
"Some say he actually knows who his son is, and that he once glassed the wrong planet while hopped up on meth.  All we know is, he's called THE ARBITER."
It is a different engine, but i have heard nice sounding 3800s. You know a simple supercharger can give you 390+ hp?
I fucking hate all of you guys.
Hartline got 31 points!!!!!! I might lose this shit ...
I like "The Right Blend" in Citi Plaza, independently owned by a couple of cool guys. This time of year you can get an awesome pumpkin spice latte that isn't too sweet (like Starbucks). 
Gotta be a 240 or MAYBE a 260 (but I kinda doubt that).
Is that a Z18ET engine?
Omg. Thanks for sharing. I never knew that lactase was available in pills. I always hated my constant facts when I ate ice cream. 
Majoring in Natural History is an excellent way to start a career in retail.  Seriously, going to a minimally presitious school and majoring in something where you will only learn facts and not skills in your classes is never a great choice.  Think about what careers you are interested in, and then figure out what majors will lead to those careers.  Biology majors are not qualified to do much if they only have a bachelors degree, so I don't see that as a good choice either unless you have researched how difficult it would be to get a job in a fishery or as a park ranger or something, and want to pursue that.  Make sure the careers you are pursuing also pay well enough for you to pay off any student loans you may be taking out, and enough that you can support yourself.  
I would consider other majors.  I also don't see how your minor is going to lead to too many careers either, so maybe reconsider that too.  
Good advice sir. Basics are essential. If you can show you have them a prospective employer is going to feel comfortable hiring you.
That actually helps... IDK. There's that one guy in very AMA thread that makes a big infographic with all the answered questions. This sort of circumvents needing him if all of Savage's comments are upvoted to the top.
We saw tons of people walking out with taped up ankles. One guy in front of me bit it on the mud covered camel humps. 
This is actually not true.  Depleted uranium is not covered under the nuclear weapons ban because its primary purpose is to destroy and kill through kinetic energy, not nuclear or radiological processes.  
I was also teased for being ultra pale. Red head here as well. Now that I'm older I tend to tan a little but as a kid I would just burn. I really didn't care, I didn't see people as being different from each other like that, all I saw where people being jerks in their social groups. 
My friend in America, he grew up being bullied because he looks Asian. Kids, they will find anything to have a go at each other over and it's normally the things that shouldn't matter which do. If you don't fit in with their norms then you are an instant outcast. As you get older, a lot of it changes, some people are still jerks and won't grow up, but there are the few that do and they are worth having around. 
They sell for $759 on sale here in California.
http://www.leaguereplays.com/replays/match/2095321/ this replay shows that nobody cared. Karma whore. Even if you lost a friend to monopolize on his death for reddit karma is sick, especially when it's not true.
You're adorable.  
Not retyping my responses for you personally though, feel free to read the others.  If you go through them, you can downvote them too, and that will make you feel better. :)
Married with a kid on the way?  I would have guessed you were both twelve.
Where did the other shots go?
I ride the left side so I don't have to worry about cars coming from behind.
You really should go back. I am hoping you do. Good luck brother 
I am very thankful to not have been born with tourrettes
How would anyone notice? We didn't know it was him prior to the AMA, it isn't uncommon for people to make usernames based on famous people. 
straight is the only option. well, you can be a cum vampire if you want, but do that shit shamefully where no one can see. At least pretend to be a decent human being, and not some animal with sexual impulse control issues.
This part always makes me cry. 
What if your future self tells your secret phrase to someone else, and THEY come back to visit you.  What if it's a girlfriend, and then you break up with her?  And then she decides to get even? And she goes back in time and tells you that through miraculous developments in medical technology, you achieve your dream of becoming a fully-functioning woman.  Even if that isn't your dream now, wouldn't that mean that in some small part of your head, you're going to go, "She knows the phrase! So she must be telling the truth!"
In the reddit context, yeah. But really, in life, that which stirs negative or uncertain emotions has greater pull. $$$ in a figurative or literal sense, take your pick. Also, why are your upvotes spaced differently than your downvotes  
I love the cheezy photoshop artwork from OF haha, nice sweater
So...am I the only one who didn't smile at this?
[Fear](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116287/) - Mark Wahlberg is great as a psycho
[The Fan](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116277/) - Robert De Niro is .. well Robert De Niro !
Yes, it ought to all fit, and you should have a five gallon isolation tank running but empty at all times for just this reason. You can keep it as a planted tank if you're worried about aesthetics.
Haha, I got this too.
I realized after a while it was because I am no longer a child and I can't just feed my body shit and expect it to work anymore.
Since 'shit' is all I ate to quell the munchies, this explained everything.
I took a 2 week tolerance break, change my diet to include copious ammounts of fruit and vegetables and started taking additional fiber.
I ended up becoming addicted to fruit and carrots, now that's all I crave when I'm high (well, chocolate milk occasionally).
My poo flows like a slimy serpent, my double chin recessed back to being a neck and my old pants fit, and I still get to be a lazy stoner.
TL;DR T break + health kick = good poop and healthier body.
Btw. There is literally nothing better than a huge, soft but not runny shit in the morning, that only requires a safety wipe and leaves you feeling empty. It's awesome.
Your beard is awesome Anson! How long did it take for you to grow it? By the way Anson, YOU ARE MY HERO!
I had dated my ex-fiancee for almost 7 years, before she began cheating on me with a side relationship and left me for a woman about 8 months before our wedding. I've been single for over a year, haven't dated, and I'm wondering the same thing you're wondering: "When will the pain go away"
Hey at least you're dating, something will come out of that. I for one can't seem to meet a single woman for the life of me. I too am embarrassed to seek professional counseling. Maybe it's the right thing to do though.
I can tell you, you are not along in your struggles. This also was my first and only relationship. It still hurts and infuriates me to think about her
Man, I do this all the damn time. It has to be so frustrating for people. Sometimes after saying "what?", I even start to answer the person while they are repeating themselves. Idiot.
I'm convinced I picked this habit up from my father..Although I believe that he respond's with "what?" because he is actually hard-of-hearing.
I also sort of think that I do this because it gives my brain an extra 0.5 seconds to formulate an actual response to their question.
Yup! Basket 4, I believe? The one with the tees on the huge hill. My first time there (second time ever playing, I went earlier in the day to Ellicott Creek.)
My Name is KaptainKhaos99. I will hit you up when In get to 50.
The duckface would be the dealbreaker
Called him out on his (njag's) bullshit a few years ago and my 100 fg account got banned.
He ripped off mousepad's maphack and tried to make a profit off it. If someone needs a good mouth-punching, it's him.
I later realized I was a bit sloppy in my use of *object* and *subject*, what I meant by subject was the person uttering the moral proposition. Thus define *subjective* or *relative* moral sentences are those whose truth depends (among other things) on the person uttering them. *Objective* moral sentences are those that don't.
For example, 'LumenGentium is a male human' would still be an objective sentence, while 'I am a male' would not.
> I don't think it's immoral to not procreate. Even if everyone decided that they didn't want to, and the human race died out, I wouldn't have a problem with it. 
I completely agree with you here. For example I think it would be completely okay if every one decided to join a religious order (out of their love for God) and so gave up the good that is sexual intimacy. Participating in sexual intercourse is not a necessary aspect of human nature (unlike say, breathing.)
What I'm saying is the *sexual intercourse* is linked with procreation inherently and separating the two contradicts the purpose of sexual intercourse. Similarly overeating + throwing up contradicts the purpose of the act of eating and digestion (and the emergency act of vomiting).
We inferred the purpose of 'striving for continued existence' from human biology and perhaps more broadly the study of the human soul. (The soul is the *form of the body* - this is best analogy for someone not used to classical philosophy I can come up with - the form is to the body as the mechanical/artistic/whatever design is to a car.)
Similarly, by the study of the human sexual intercourse we arrive at the conclusion that its objective purpose is both procreative and unitive. Going against this purpose of the sexual act (when engaging in said act) is *immoral* in much the same way going against yours (or someone else's) continued existence when you are both human. 
I would like to note that this particular age is remarkable in its struggle with understanding of the human sexuality. If you look closely most of the disagreements our culture has with the Church are over sex: contraception check, homosexual acts check, masturbation check, premarital sex check, condoms in Africa check, divorce check, blurring the boundaries between sexes check. Nobody (anymore) argues with the Church whether the poor should be fed and clothed, whether loyalty to truth is more important than loyalty to any king or ideology, or whether all men are equal or some are worth more than others. No, we have learned these lessons.
I think what happened was that the Puritanical approach to sexuality (a blunder of the previous age) became less and less tenable and finally fell apart. The pendulum swung the opposite direction to the point where it is unthinkable to the modern man to look at the human body as anything else than sexual. The modern man cannot comprehend the nude baths or (non-sexual!) wrestling of ancient Romans; he has shower stalls installed in public gyms so as to protect his genitals from the gaze of his fellow man which surely could not be anything else but sexual. He recognizes sex as something good, but just as a young child giddy over a new-found freedom, he has yet to learn to use it in a sustainable, healthy matter. 
> I think we should strive to enact moral standards that are not exclusive to our individual subjectivites.
I agree :)
> the issues of fairness and consent are lumped in to the equation. 
Right, and this is where objective moral sentences come into play. You cannot define fairness if subjective/relativistic morality is all you have.
>No, but we can demonstrate why social cohesion and better standards of morality are good for us, and not just something we want.
Well again, *good for us* and  *better standards* only makes sense if you give us an objective purpose such as *strive for continued existence*.
>Or, you know, we could just learn that it's not good to touch a hot stove and avoid the pain.
Yeah, but sometimes there is no-one else to tell you. Or without pain you don't notice until it's too late. See [congenital insensitivity](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Congenital_insensitivity_to_pain_with_anhidrosis).
>the desired effect (growing in character) is attainable without suffering. 
Not always, for example an excessively prideful person might never grow to be humble unless an outside circumstance humbles them (which is always painful to a *prideful* person.)
I trust God that the amount of suffering we are given to endure is exactly the amount that is best for us, not a cinch more or less.
>So we can get closer to saying that it's objectively true that pain is bad for us. I know you don't prefer this meaning of objectivity, but it's valid. 
Well a statement like that I would consider to be objective, although I think this particular one not true.
I thought DRG was out of his slump.
i once ate four bags of candy corn in one sitting. then i got up and found more candy corn. 
i have since given candy corn up for a more peaceful non-pre-diabetic lifestyle
It comes down to this...
IT'S PERSONAL CHOICE REALLY... IF SOMEONE WANTS TO SPEND A LOT OF MONEY ON SOMETHING AND THINK ITS AWESOME...let them.... while i see it as foolish...hey...whatever...
Ok thanks...I fail at that stuff and I'm on a phone/iPad 99% of he time so research sucks... I think I would want a mk2gv then. Thank you very much
AMD alleges that Windows 8's udpated [scheduler](http://www.techulator.com/resources/4646-Scheduling-levels-Windows-operating-system.aspx) will more properly recognize the FX's unusual architecture, in which every pair of integer calculators share one floating point calculator (which AMD asserts is two cores, despite each core traditionally having its own FPU) and a memory cache. Tom's Hardware [also discusses the issue](http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/windows-7-hotfix-bulldozer-performance,3119.html). But I don't know of any real-world benchmarks that support this claim yet, despite Win8 being available in beta for some time now.
You can buy a 965 BE from several reputable online stores [for $90](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/amd-cpu-hdz965fbgmbox) (not including sales tax).
Generally speaking, never trust a sales associate at Fry's to know what they're talking about. That goes double if they are attempting to sell you something.
eagle fans are like oakland fans tho. 
Exactly. Sometimes more when I am resetting.
Regirock with an outstretched arm?
Could easily be either of those things. 
i love that city
Pretty much what everyone else said. Also, if you happen to have tattoos, cover that all up. 
What about the [bloated Defense building in Ottawa](http://taxpayer.com/federal/cutting-canada%E2%80%99s-bloated-defence-hq-will-be-battle-royal)? Probably deserves some trimming too, hey?
A full food and activity long would be super helpful.
My personal experience with protein supplement products have never been good. My worst stalls and sluggish insulin spikes have been caused by whey protein products. I've been told that protein powders from animal sources don't cause this spike. Eating meat with the same quantity of protein doesn't bother me but the shakes always did. Check it out.
Also - "no results" - what are your measurements?
I do enjoy a nice game of Monpoly.
Wore my backpack over a single shoulder for years and gave myself sculliosis. I'd like to have a word with that fucking kid.
In these threads I always forget there are people out there who have never read Dune.  I wish I could buy them all a copy :(
Just tried the image capture on my galaxy nexus...crashes. I have the international version. Neat concept though.
How doesn't simulation game fit? It *is* a simulation. "Roguelike-esque" isn't too bad, I just disagree with calling it a roguelike because it uses ascii, that's all. I've played rogulikes for many years so it just doesn't make sense to me. Fortress mode is a fortress simulation game, plain and simple. Adventure mode is probably the deepest, most complex roguelike ever, i don't see why anyone would need to call fortress mode a roguelike, when there's an entire *actual* roguelike in the same game.
I'm with ya, Mr. Fuji87
In the US (which may not be helpful) there are a lot of jurisdictions where the police or prosecutors do not need the victim's consent to press charges for domestic violence.
However, if the victim won't testify or will lie for her attacker, then there may be no way to meet the evidentiary standard for going forward with the case.  The prosecutor would need witnesses and/or other objective evidence.  That evidence doesn't exist in a lot of DV cases because there are no witnesses.
I'm confused about your question.
You own the [copyright](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copyright#Obtaining_and_enforcing_copyright) for any original story that you write.  You have this automatically, (in all states that are signatories to the [Berne Convention](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berne_Convention)... which is to say most [every country save a very few](http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=File:Berne_Convention_signatories.svg&page=1)) and it requires no additional action on your part past writing the story.
Am I missing something?
I would just say, "I don't go to church." And expect him to deal. with. it.
Seem's as though as you don't have much of a choice...In you're situation it would be worth it. Assuming he is the top RB on you're WW.
Not bad, I haven't heard anything from Blaze since Maiden.
Now that's an interesting mentality. I will most likely adopt this.
The thing that gets you really fucked is the people that call the police without your knowledge. I've encountered the "GTFO I've called the police!" shin-dig before, but like you said, plenty of time to even throw something up and disappear before you'll see a squad car.
Moving helps, as does having reversible jackets ;)
Go home sevenzig, you're drunk
No one help this man/woman.
Yeah, when I'm browsing my list, I usually cum there too. 
And you must be a super critical asshole that gets off on being a Dick to strangers on the internet. 
Rule of thumb for exposure in sunlight - f/16, shutter speed the reciprocal of ISO (eg, 1/200 for ISO 200)
A positive comment? Am I on the right internet?
Still gets me hot.
Isn't there a special teams player award? 
Currently, RGIII is it. That comeback . . .
*Govorit. To speak. That's all I understood (Second year Russian student).
Bought double bundle day 1. Fun was had.
Please tell me you picked up that Jakob's though? 
Throwing this offer out there, how about two Origin accounts with Battlefield 3 Limited Edition on both for either? 2 for 1 on either Borderlands 2 or Sleeping Dogs.
Pretty sure Mike Weir would be the first ever playing captain if Canada was allowed in. 
http://i.imgur.com/O441D.jpg
Different picture, different Kohl's, same joke.
are you sure you don't mean Windows-M?
no, I don't think so.
you can put the 1/2" pipe clean inside the 5/8" fitting and it doesn't even thread.
and this is a water pipe, under decent pressure, in a place in the house where we're not going to want leaks, even a few drops.
I know the white (teflon) tape of which you speak, but in this case it isn't going to cut it.
But that was my point... Officers pretty much are just like anyone else in a supervisory position... just in a military setting.
In any setting with a hierarchical structure there is likely to be someone who thinks the bosses have a certain rank  because of "doing paperwork and kissing ass," or some variation of that. 
As to the comment about breaking the rules to eat better: I'm not sure what this could even refer to. In my seven years in the Marines everyone ate the same thing, and everyone was served in order of rank, beginning with the most junior person. The officers ate last, and if there wasn't enough to go around, the officers didn't eat.
Yeah when I go back to grad school (which would be part time while I work) I'll have access to the recruiting. I'm more interested in joining a smaller-mid sized firm, so I don't think it'd be a big issue either way as long as I have my credits and exams done. It'd be easy enough to explain that I was working through grad school with whatever accounting position I find.
So I suppose it's not so much going from private to public, more just working through school. 
Does that work? I always cheated at that game but never on anything else.
[I guess you can see mine](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0y0p4iTmnhg&feature=share&list=UU66upyl38JHDIsqIpTqcqZA)
You're not taking time dilation into account. It might take centuries from the frame of the stars you're passing, but only a moment as you perceive time.
I think Chainsaw can probably lead off on its own list of Backwoods/Canibal/Hillbilly style horror. It wouldn't fit with my personal view of "slasher".
I do. I encourage any man who wants a certain degree of "special attention" from a woman (or whatever your preference happens to be) to do the same.  You can choose to simply trim if you feel like it will throw your manhood into question, or you can go "full pornstar" as they say and render your nether-regions bereft of bothersome, odor-accumulating strands.  
I leave the choice to you.
I'll never forget accidentally walking through their flute block warming up and pissing off 50 flautists.
But it doesn't say that the majority of those teens are from conservative families. It's like saying that all navy beans are white. Therefore, all white beans are navy beans. It's just not correct. 
Try a toddler bed... And a door lock.
I started bringing a flask with me to bars a few years back and I haven't looked back.
Since you like ecchi, I think you should start with Kore wa Zombie Desu ka or Rosario + Vampire for some good laughs. Maybe Toradora if you're looking more for pure romance :)
Damn their loaded, errrrrrr
Yeah, I disagree. It's a very sweet sentiment that motherhood is a "relationship," and maybe that's true when your kid is 18+, but I do not think of mother-child as a "relationship" in the same way I think of two adults in a "relationship" (partners, sisters/brothers, etc.). I don't have to take care of or look after or be responsible for my sisters, but I would have to do that with a child. It's work, believe it or not. I would rather do just about anything other than raise a kid (or 2, 3, whatever).
It would probable end up being outlawed if it were that easy
I do enjoy a nice game of Monpoly.
I am too, I'm saying that compared to the other opening dates it is late
To Abu Dhabi with this one.
The pinned photo links back to the website. There is a tutorial for the look there.
http://www.pausaparafeminices.com/tutorial-make/passo-a-passo-maquiagem-festa/
Open the link using Google Chrome, then translate the page to English.
Psychiatry should be self regulated. If they decide that a practice is legit, I trust them more than the state or any law maker
Edit: I hope you understand I'm talking about their equivalent of "college of physicians" which is their regulatory agency that decides these as a whole. Not individual professionals
As a point of reference, I've had 2 Asus O! Plays fail on me in less than a year of ownership (different models, one was wired only and one had wireless - the wired one had graphics glitches start up and the wireless one stopped being able to join wifi networks), and dealing with trying to get them replaced was such a pain that I gave up.  I've been much happier with the Roku and the jailbroken Apple TV2 (I have a NAS that stores all my files so internal storage was irrelevant to me, ymmv).
No I don't. You're just some anonymous troll on Reddit. Regardless, you will find your hateful attitude increasingly irrelevant as the years go by. There is quite literally nothing people like you can do to reverse cultural progress of this kind. You have already lost. 
now you can have the parents tell the teen to get the treatment or else leave. With a ban, it's flat out illegal, and can be extended to out of state treatment.
The #1 thing that lets WW barbs stomp the game like this is **permanent CC immunity**. He doesn't care what sort of elites he pulls - he can just spin through the clusterfuck of frozen orbs, nightmarish minions and jailors like they're not even there. Compare this to the other 'superpower upkeep' ability: Archon. You gain massive killing power *in exchange* for losing all of your defensive abilities. This makes it viable only if you have the DPS to kill elites before they can kill you (typically by their CC effects). Permanent WotB has no equivalent downside.
I'd suggest taking the CC immunity off the WotB (Thrive on Chaos) rune.
We as a society are still in denial about our big problems.  We won't start dealing with them until they are really in our faces.
18-1!
... and then the last SB as well!
Added benefit:  these may shame you into finally getting around to reading the book in question. [This one's my favorite, but I've never read it.](http://shop.outofprintclothing.com/The_Age_of_Innocence_book_cover_t_shirt_p/l-1053.htm)
Well at least you're hopefully questioning your preconceived notions.
I do a Dave Chappelle impersonation when that little bastard escapes my grasp.
COCAINE
Remove the jeans and replace them with proper pants, learn to tie a windsor knot.
And also, dont wear shirts with pockets..
Any room for a madoff scheme?
buy things that expire sooner for the same reason as you. i know most people want the fresher products and then nobody will buy the one that expires sooner and it'll see all it's friends being purchased and it'll have it's feelings hurt. :(
I should be more clear as well. Conservatism in this case is less about political side and more about the perceived Right wing/Left wing. I use liberal as the original intention of the word and the same for conservative.
well, if you can fry 'em:
http://carbwars.blogspot.com/2012/04/avocado-fries.html
Wore large shoes, stuffed tongue area with socks to make them even larger. 
I'm gonna assume for the first season or two, MTV paid for the use of the house, along with them "working" at the shore store, and the clubs gave them a tab on the house for being featured on TV/MTV paid for it. They knew in advance they were going to be on the show and probably got a small advance from MTV, but now they all make assloads of cash so I don't think their spending money on the show is limited anymore, hence why they are doing more stuff this season, like going camping on a whim and spending 3g's on stuff in a day.
I think a chess tournament is more stressful for a few reasons. I've only played soccer and ultimate frisbee so this doesn't apply for solo sports, but in a chess tournament you're alone. There's no one to back you up, if you make a mistake it's on you. Also, in sports I tend to get in a zone where I just playing. I don't have to think too much, it's all fairly natural. In chess you sit there for an hour in deep thought. You are forced to think about what your doing and you have time to worry about messing up.
I was SO close to including Deadwing on the list over In Absentia. But I chose not too because I wanted to show the more lighter side of Porcupine Tree in comparison to the heavier works of FoaBP
You want us to watch two hours of people claiming that the basis of all modern medicine is a lie?
kafka. The guy who lost the third string job to trent edwards after going in the second stringer.
Jus sayin.
Could I just change the heatsink or would that cost more than just getting the low profile one. 
UFO's aren't always piloted craft. Maybe you saw an alien drone.
There's also a bar like this in Barcelona (I believe called 'Dow Jones').  For the most part, Americans go there.  
my cousin has been trying for years to conceive a child, and has finally decided to give adoption a try. her mother (my aunt) told her in front of all of the extended family, that she 'had better not adopt in the us because she'll just get a black baby'
This was pretty stupid. You lied about his age just as he did. Not saying that what he did was right, but you seem really overbearing and controlling. 
This is certainly great info, and something I had completely missed. What about some of the complaints I'm seeing regarding shoddy construction and corners being cut on overall build quality? Is this primarily with the non-US versions as well?
I'm hard on phones, and my X2 has been a real tank. If I'm apt to wreck this thing in a week, it might serve me well to take a hit in the performance department for better durability.
You're getting this upset over a JOKE? How about you try calming the hell
 down?
Personally, I think Auburn's poor performance is a little exaggerated around here. Obviously this is not where we want our football program to be but I'm very hesitant to call it a "dumpster fire" and drop the hammer on Chiz. 
Our one win is against UL-Monroe, the guys who beat Arky. And we took LSU to the wire. Then there are the losses to Clemson and Miss St (both ranked teams). Clemson is not a bad team, so I don't understand the mockery coming from a loss to the them.
Of our 4 games so far, losing to Miss St is where all the ridicule started. Again, I don't understand why people are treating Miss St as a free win. But nevertheless, it is typically our SEC opener and we typically win. That one game was enough to put Auburn's 2012 performance on the level of Arkansas somehow.
Don't get me wrong, this is a bad September for Auburn. I just don't think we're doing *that* bad. But yes, Miss St was the different between being 2-2 (1-1) and 1-3 (0-2). 
I don't mean this in any kind of antagonistic way, but don't most couples in which both involved individuals hold "day jobs" still have to do all the work of homemakers, but on the side?
Oh, LA lights. I'm female and I had the black with green (by request, I was kind of a tomboy). The original version of those was HARD to activate. They weren't like light-up shoes these days, you had to actually be walking on them for it to work or punch the bottom of the heel.
I admire your disdain for divisional rivals.  Fuck you too.
Uh... more real parties? 
My dog would not come back to our boat and we couldn't figure out why. When we finally did, she shit on the boat. Poor girl was trying to find land.
I guess we'll have to see how bad it is, but show us the pictures you sent to him so we can properly assess the situation.
for Steam:
-mod=@DayZ -beta=Expansion\beta;Expansion\beta\Expansion -mod=@dayz -nosplash -nopause -maxMem=2047 -maxVRAM=2047 -cpuCount=4
-mod=@dayz_lingor_island;@dayz_lingor -beta=Expansion\beta;Expansion\beta\Expansion -nosplash -nopause -maxMem=2047 -maxVRAM=2047 -cpuCount=4
-mod=@DayZTakistan -beta=Expansion\beta;Expansion\beta\Expansion -nosplash -nopause -maxMem=2047 -maxVRAM=2047 -cpuCount=4
-mod=@DayZFallujah -beta=Expansion\beta;Expansion\beta\Expansion -nosplash -nopause -maxMem=2047 -maxVRAM=2047 -cpuCount=4
as long as you have a Quad Core and 2GB of VRam ;)
We agree with you.  You're here as an example of an actually-cool person getting shouted down by assholes.
You've been on Reddit for too long.
I know, I have the one issue of Nonplayer and all of Infinite Vacation so far, but Nonplayer is cancelled indefinitely it seems and Spencer has been so inconsistent in releasing IV and it only has one issue left. Both of the first issues were released over a year ago.
>There are so many articles and videos online made by atheists that strongly support their belief in the idea that my religion is wrong.
Actually I have found their articles and videos to be rather worthless and noen of it can put a dent in my Christian faith.
It's a dangerous game, for sure, but it does let you lane vs Jax at least... and that's saying something, haha.
After high school, they convert to 'Roughriders'. 
can't believe you just sold out your sister to millions for fapping just for karma...
here, have your upvote you sick bastard.
I'm pretty sure double extractor trick is considerably worse than 1 extractor or 9 overlord.  You lose a bunch of minerals if you go double extractor. 
In any case, it makes almost no difference at all, it really just matters on how detailed you want to be about your build.  At the higher level it will be extremely well planned out towards the beginning, to the point that using 9 overlord when you planned for extractor trick may throw you off a bit.
When shen first got buffed again, executioner's calling was a pretty okay item to get against him top because the uptime is comparable to that of his vorpal blade
YAY civil discussions!
It definitely doesn't help but it's not exactly the same. First off it's still a far more precise striking method than we had used previously. So I'm not sure if resorting to Old bombing tactics is any better. 
I say that because it's unlikely we'd stop bombing entirely without drones. So I don't see why drone usage in particular is specifically hated, unless it's essentially summation of all hatred for Bombing. That I can contest is more reasonable. Sort off. I'll go into more why later.
Now in regards to the sentiment, the context is very different. Afghanistan isn't really a unified country and hasn’t been for awhile. Just prior to our successful invasion, they were effectively in a bloody civil war for ten years.  
Not only that they'd been fighting since the 80’s in their homeland. Where’s we've had two instances of "combat" in ours, since we can't count the invasion of Alaska (it wasn’t yet a state). 
The reaction for every bombing would likely be very different than how we react to them because of this. It’s unfortunate that you can get acclimated to it but you can. 
Now I'm not excusing the tactics that cause more civilian deaths. Occupational forces historically win through endearing the local population to the military presence. 
And we've attempted to do this by copying tactics the Brits used in Malaysia. However many things can be brought up why it's not as effective as we'd like. 
In regards to Killing dozen innocent in town of 400, based on most bombing studies it is often counter intuitive, yes you right, it doesn't help them like us much and can aid in recruitment. However were in a finicky situation where we are not fighting an enemy within their own territory all the time.  This changes the circumstances a tad.
It’s either let them recruit without impunity in other countries while the wars on a routine break (winter in Afghanistan) or attempt to attack them.  
The other options which would allow them to recruit with impunity and not harm us long term are the following (Only ones I know off).
We get a larger garrison of troop’s or revising the ground troops to be heavily specialized police unit, along with heavy infrastructural investment. The first option won’t happen because Id likely need a draft or increased funding.  The latter wont happen because of joint training programs with various other countries and lack of proper funding (also poor management when given funds).
So were left with trying to reduce civilian casualties with the most precise intelligence and weaponry or essentially slowly lose.  
/////////
Going back to drones on my iffyness. I see them as functionally the best case scenario for bombing, since I believe were bottlenecked into that being used as mentioned previously.
They are at least perpetually trying to make the strikes smaller but more precise and deadly/effective in that radius. Previously our strategies have been bomb everything to hell so..It’s a make the best of a bad situation in my view. 
I'm not a good writer, so I apologize for the horror of my formatting/ grammar.  I also apologize if I offend, I often am told I tell perspectives and historical examples as lectures. So boring and sometimes offensive sounding, when my intention was merely an exchange of ideas and views.
I didn't go into detail, but my point still stands that the beliefs of the Mohawk doesn't reflect what we know about TOWCB.  The replied to post sounded like what Ubisoft has tried to avoid and that's a stereotype of Native Americans.  That was biggest gripe with the post.  That it sounds like the painted over picture that is all throughout American entertainment.  Ubisoft won't do it because it doesn't make sense and will only perpetuate stereotypes.  If anyone disagrees, I'm more than willing to bet a month of Reddit gold.
**EDIT:** Also, I never said that the Mohawk didn't worship deities but rather what they worshipped didn't relate to TOWCB.  In fact, your entire post is based off an argument I didn't even make.
But if it was blasphemy against our religion wouldn't we condone it, being the church of blasphemy?
I just read an article for school on black bears and then saw this... lol
Hey, Interested in TKRO! My stuff is here: http://www.reddit.com/r/yugioh/comments/10neby/trade_binder_928/
I am aware of that purpose of the vaults, but I was told by a funeral director I spoke to that they do have water/air tight models that people can choose as well.
I don't profess to be an expert though...you sound like you know more than I :D
Nah, they're fine. They're now known as Saturn and Jupiter. 
The one in the middle, because it's 2 dimensional freedom is being oppressed from the west and the east.
Also, if you think these days are hard, wait til you cut it down and have to wait for it to dry.  Buds just hanging there looking delicious.....
Where did you get that amazing hose???
The very way you phrased your question says that you aren't interested in an answer.
Most soldiers are not assassins.  The sniper might be considered an assassin, depending on the mission. And a few special op's guys. But that is such a small percentage of the military as almost not count.
Rephrase your question to show an open mind, and you may get some real discussion, instead of reactions to an inflammatory phrase.
Most racist comment I've seen all day, congrats.
you must've never had a dog that ate a steak of the kitchen table and pretended as if nothing happened!
Which manga?  I'm reading strongest man kurosawa atm.
When did this happen? I must have totally missed that, or it just wasn't in the movies. I didn't read the books, I didn't want conflicting experiences, or spoilers, and I prefer visual stimulus anyway.
I don't think it has to do with windows at all.  The FX series trades blows with the Phenom II processors; They're better on some benchmarks and worse on others.  [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjvKgj3Kb3o) compares two FX processors to a X4 955 so you'll see what I mean; you'll have to prioritize and figure what's important to you.
What I wanna know is how did he get out?
No, they have lifting limitations just like every other job and most places in the patch are all about team lifts and stuff if it could cause an injury. 
I knew I needed a doctor just 36 hours after the infection. The site of the cut hurt so bad and the whole right side of my hand was on fire. My whole pinky was bloated and when you touched it it was like touching petrified wood or something
Me motherfucker. What choice will you make?
In the span of 2 seconds I subscribed to this subreddit, then tabbed over to the main page of Reddit. It was weird that the /r/WTF one wasn't from here.
Livin' in the flow, baaaaaaby!
How about Legazz for Cundiff becuase Jazz was useless in the first movie.
This loaded incredibly fast for me. Normally, I wait minutes before a gif fully loads.
When have leaders ever stopped fractures? We currently have 30,000+ denominations, and it's not due to a lack of religious authority!
Well, you'd have to buy it through the Humble Store or off of the publisher's website since SteamPlay doesn't include Linux yet. PM me and I can let you download it off of my Humble account since you already own the game.
EDIT: Actually, I'll just PM you with the info instead. Oops.
The Lions are a decent team right now (their record may say otherwise, but they arent that bad), so I don't think you can say his talent is being wasted. Sure the first couple seasons of his career were a waste, but if the Lions stay on the path theyre on now, the majority of his career will be spent on a good. 
It is for your abs. You use you're elbows to hold you up as you grab the handles and you lift your legs either straight out in front of you or you bend them into your chest. I thought what I was feeling was weird until I researched it and its actually common and men can feel it too!
i THINK if you leave the area and come back he( the warrior) will disappear and the loot will still be there.
Dude. I've seen so many videos like this.. Metal versions of junk. I'm a snob and I write off all of them 'cause they're just never impressive. This one surprised me. Freaking great job. 
How are you recording the guitar, though? It sounds really good for a home recording. And are you using software for the drums?
Like, a moderate amount.
Well, the last movie I saw was The Avengers....so I guess I get a choice then? I'd want to be Hulk.
Just note that December is Thailand's high season.
This would be in your favor, but don't get surprised if it gets shot down. If you do get Turner, I highly recommend getting a hold of Jaquizz Rodgers as well.
When did they start doing this?
You just made my week, thank you very much for the best possible start to a Monday morning.
I'm off to watch the LOTR trilogy now.
Points off for having an Amelie poster.  No self respecting bro should have that.  
"I want shit for free, so I'm not going to help people who put effort into making a product I want."
Brilliance, here.
OH! That's exactly it. A trainer told me it was called dip but he pronounced it like "deep" so I couldn't find it anywhere.
> Always the possibility someone put a cyanide in the open bottles hoping to randomly kill someone.
thanks
ya they did! Everyone went crazy on Sun and Moon!
Stop using big words to make yourself sound big. Poverty is bad yes. But poverty cause you spend your money improperly is no ones fault but your own. We should give people the tools to have better life but what they do with it is their choice and it shouldn't be everyone's problem and burden to pay them. Now disability is different. But welfare based on the fact that your poor and have 3 kids isn't mine or your problem. It's just holding this country back
Eli Manning - 6 TD's to Bennett and Ramses. 0 For Cruz.
Well that's not true. Jagex is UK based so it's already 'tomorrow' over there. 
To answer the question, you should be getting it soon don't worry. They have to give it to tens of thousands of accounts, it's not instantaneous. 
Those were the result of Judaism, not Islam.
Well, if we don't need to ask our team mates before hand, my team consists of myself, Notch, Jeb, Billy Joel, and my mother.
All kidding aside, we should totally get our team for the chaos map together Buzzin, we would be unstoppable.
You went from "ok, I can understand that", to ignorant prick in under a minute. New PR?
If you are tackled near the try line, your arms are allowed to hit the ground and then you can place the ball either forward or backwards. In this instance, there is no such thing as a double movement.
There was a double movement in the game this weekend, because the player had played the ball and then tried to play it again without regaining his feet. (might be wrong on this one but thats how i saw it)
Exactly, and precisely the point of this post. It's time to cut the shit because it means greater human evolution in the mind if we can understand we are NOT alone as a whole. 
Is there a name or a region associated with the way that Big Suze speaks? To me, an American from the North West of the country, her accent is by far the strongest and strangest of all the characters on Peep Show. 
Yeah, he doesn't really have a lot of the bothersome small dog or chihuahua traits.  And he will definitely love you right back!
Furcadia is still alive. Think of it as not so much a sophisticated environment, but a glorified chat program designed for roleplaying. Despite the existence of places like SecondLife, I still find Furcadia the best for pure roleplay.
Joining is very easy. Just go to furcadia.com and download the client. Install and run it, create a character, and you're on!
Then go straight to FurN for the adult content. :3
Copying any code or design directly is uncool and unethical. You're completely right. This is however not what i was suggesting people do with my comment.
Would you want to squeeze their muscles? Bang them? Make out with them? Then you probably are. But don't worry too much about trying to define yourself sexually. Just be you. Would knowing your bisexual change anything for you? 
Actually it goes even further than that. It's from a quote from William Blake. "If the doors of perception were cleansed every thing would appear to man as it is, Infinite."
Fucking love the A-10. My congratulations to Major Campbell for her award. 
Day by day Armageddon.
HAHA! OMG NO NO NO! Don't feel this way! Think of it as "My" way of appreciating the band :)
I just have this thing where I don't allow myself to listen without purchasing or playing a game pirated. 
I'm quite closely related to this industry, so it feels twice as bad for me! XD
:)
So you can't address *any* of my points?
k-9 mane with orbiting flies
[This](http://www.westeros.org/Citadel/SSM/Entry/Concerning_the_Dance_of_the_Dragons/) is what the OP is probably talking about. Martin just said that there will be second Dance of the Dragons that will be the focus of a book. It's not much of a leap to guess that "A Dance with Dragons" was supposed to be that book, but obviously there is no war of that sort in the book. That's probably because the content of ADWD had to be pushed back when AFFC went long.
[More here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/zvz9v/spoiler_all_on_my_first_reread_question_about_a/c68c9sj)
Hurricanes didn't go into overtime yesterday. They won in late 4th
I agree that playing a poor schedule - at this point - is by itself not enough information to rank a team. It is, however, one of a number of factors to consider. 
In other words, the fact that Northwestern's opponents are a combined 6-14 simply means that they are for the most part still unproven; they probably aren't a bad team, but it is plausible that they are simply a mediocre team who has taken advantage of an easy schedule. You then have to consider other factors like how they performed relative to the teams they played, and (at least in my opinion) since it is still early in the season how well one thinks they will do from here.
What is the model and make?
There would become defacto political parties when groups of special interest groups banded together. 
Well that didn't sound like an innuendo 
Not honestly sure.  It doesn't even seem to be [here](http://sourceforge.net/projects/crawl-ref/files/Stone%20Soup/), where you can get literally any other version of DCSS.  Maybe the devs aren't producing nightly builds?  Regardless, you could download the source from [gitorious](http://gitorious.org/crawl) and compile it yourself, though I can't say I know how exactly one would do that.
Academic books/articles that can give me insight on the topic. 
This one is almost gonewild worthy
I think that I had heard once, so it may or may not be true, that the salary is just one employee and the remainder are volunteers and they run on limited hours. 
Usually not for profits have to file a special tax turn (called a Form 990) that provides information on their natural and functional allocations for expenses as well as executive compensation. NFPs have to make their 990s available, either through a website or by furnishing one upon request. Some low-tiered googling resulted in nothing and I'm too lazy to contact them for a 990. 
Overall, closing this is extremely sad. I hope that it can be reopened under new management without a city appropriation. There are grants for this kind of thing. 
Ok, argue it then.
Bor tæt på aalborg :P har mit 'stash' i mit kabinet :P
No, it won't. It's already become acclimated to human surroundings.  Probably found tasty things to eat in other people's garbage.  He's already not at all afraid of the guy with the camera. Soon he's gonna figure out "hey, these pink squishy creatures really can't hurt me at all. If they start getting noisy again I can just swat them away."
Congress needs to pass a law that requires all Giants fans to receive a special type of injection that does not allow them to reproduce
Wow. That's sure is neat
I'm sorry for being lazy... this belongs to /r/tabs :)
We were playing on a private hive. It was back when vehicle spawn servers were rare. So, this is a long story, so bear with me. I started off lone wolfing, which is out of character for me, since I usually roll in two man fire teams. I got a cz550 on spawn, and decided to go on top of one of the factories in cherno. I proceed to fall off the catwalk, and become stuck on the roof. I call for help in the side channel, and someone responds. I expected to break my legs, but surprisingly fell safely. They drove up in a ural and picked me up. Later we repaired a heli together. As we were flying around, we first were wanted on the server for some small banditry shenanigans. As we reclaimed our honor by taxiing people, someone called out for help on side chat, at the northwest airfield. He had become trapped by zombies, so I hopped in the pilots seat and we flew over. He kept being vague about where he was as he was freaking out, so we flew around until we saw the hoard that was surrounding him. I touch down, and we all book it to clear the ACT from the zombies. At this point, he doesn't answer our hails, over any chat. I assume he has lost consciousness. The four of us battle our way up the stairs, until we reach the glass housing. He had already passed by the time we reached him. 
As we were rushing, none of us covered our six. The zombies from all of the hangers, the atc and the firestation were ripping their way upstairs. Quickly the gunners and co-pilot fought their way out the front door, as I went down the ladder to make a different approach. The buggy ladder proceeded to knock me unconscious, and break my legs. As we were only using in game chat, and I was unconscious, I saw they had no idea where I was. They searched around the ACT and grided out, all while being chased. The gunner found me, and started dragging me as the co-pilot started up the rotors. She ejected as the heli warmed up, and covered the gunner as he dragged me into the dust cloud, trailed by dozens of zombies. They loaded me into the back, and proceeded to dust off as we left many zombies in our wake. We realized as we left the field, we had left the second gunner behind in our rush. We landed in the closest field, and I got out, still with broken legs, as the only person with morphine was the man we left behind. In our haste, the pilot broke the chopper landing, so we hailed the gunner over side chat and led him to our position. 
All in all, one of my best Dayz experiences, even if we failed rescuing our target
If you smoke at a lower temp, you can always crisp up the skin in the broiler or on a BBQ grill over direct heat.
I know that feel, but not that I've had a few hours to stew in my miserable juices, I've come to a different viewpoint, kind of.  
The Panthers defense still sucks, of course, but taken as a whole, this was a pretty good game.  No Cam turnovers,pressuring Matt Ryan, and getting the ground game going - with that stat line, the Panthers would have beaten most of the teams in the NFL today.  This wasn't most teams - Atlanta has the hottest offense, with two WR's that can torch any defense at any time.  Atlanta as a team is one of the hottest and best right now, and they showed it.  The Panthers were able to stick with them, and should have won the game.  I was very sad that they didn't, but I'm able to see the positives.  Those positives just came against a very good team.  
That said, the defense on that last drive was inexcusable.  It was a fucking disgrace, and if the damn team could actually CLOSE OUT A FUCKING GAME the Panthers would be 2-2.  
Up by 21 with 2 minutes left?
I did once, then I felt this itch/pain there. Oh god, I'll stick to trimming it. 
Umbreon is still my favorite Eevee evolution. 
HOLY SHIT NAPOLI YOU ARE SO BASED
This moment, you've been waiting for it
This is your day; make the most of it.
I am really curious to watch one of his mundo top games. I had played it before (friends made fun of me for days) and did ok in lane, I'm just curious how he plays it. 
You have quite the kennel of animals going on there, I see. Although that's pretty awesome in all actuality, haha. Your job also seems rather interesting, I might add. If you'd like to talk or potentially add a new pal to your roster, feel free to do so as I'll gladly shoot you a PM. :)
there was a really awesome venge model that was in the files a while ago, but it never got used :(
I know that feel...Learn from these mistakes haha
i bought it at a local comic con the also had a nuka cola quantum but i didnt want the rads
but he's so handsome.
Pay taxes and make it rain at the scrip club.
Not true. Say you have the set of all integers. That's an infinite set. Now say you have the set of all even integers. This set is, by definition, half as large as the former set, but they're both infinite sets.
Thank you very much for your replies. They have been quite insightful - and now I wont have to feel as bad about having some honey on my cereal.
I'm not saying that at all! I'm just pointing out that Christians aren't all atheist haters. We've been hurt too. 
Nice try, Nelson Muntz. 
Okay, next time i'll say faggot instead of something nice.
My only problem with this commercial is that they didn't put much of an emphasis on the toys. At the beginning it looked like the girls were going to some live performance of the wedding. But I really don't see why this commercial would make someone uncomfortable.
The business of your notifications shade bothers me.
it says 'nana slicer, and some people call there grandmas "nana". (and grandmas are usually old.)
note to self: break leg
Nah- full on stand.  Wife also wondered why i used half a roll each time.  Clearly this is neither the cleanest or most efficient way to clean up after #2.
Mad respect for that man, birds better show up and honor him
Why would you try to cash a check at a bank when you have no account with them?
the theme's the best part!
Cool, but until we get a nationwide ban, lunatic, asshole parents will continue to hurt their children by sending them to out of state therapy.
Honestly I think that method makes it even harder to do, just put it on your tongue and drink normally and it should just go right down 
All the actual criticism is being downvoted. This is why I love r/gallifrey way more.
I feel so sorry for Jaguars fans right now. First they get Del Rio and Gerrard. They both suck. Then, they fire Del Rio and find an even worse coach to hire. I don't think Jag fans can take anymore of this...
EDIT: And you do not hand the ball to Maurice Jones-Drew on 3rd down unless you're 3 or less yards away. That's just stupid. Josh Scobee could very well be one of if not Jacksonville's best players currently. 
bong rip X2 for invisibility + 5% crit chance
That's just my opinion, you don't have to agree.
>Dennis Tennis Lee
>It says DesertStorm Lee Sin lol im Korean
>Reply · Like · Follow Post · 22 minutes ago
Fake
[](/rarityyell) But the guys there have such sexy accents!
How is celebrating winning rude? It's not even close to the same league as actively cheering mistakes, booing the opposing team or [basically acting like a massive cunt](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RR7jwQ_LOS8).
THIS. So much this. So much pressure is placed on women to be feminine, but there is something so appealing about a firm, muscular chest. Especially on a girl with toned biceps and a penis. Don't be gay
Whoa, for a moment there I though you were [this guy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mario_Szegedy), who happens to [work with](http://www.research.rutgers.edu/~qcteam/members.htm) Endre Szemerédi.
It's like having 2 cars vs. a pickup truck. All is meant to transport something. A pickup truck will be able to transport more things more efficiently while 2 cars will still probably make a few trips.
Yes, because movement speed is an extremely useful stat. Think about it, what's the most common item bought at the beginning of each game?
Next thing you know we'll be sharing pictures of cats and spending fruitless hours discussing random inconsequential topics, it's a slippery slope my friends, stay vigilant!
why the fuck did he change accounts i dont want to have to change to literally sculler  
the fuck
Oh my goodness, my husband is going to get quite the complex when he reads these comments about him! O.O
And, thank you!!
The only problem is that body language does change depending on culture. Granted, the obvious ones are the ones most people could pick up on, but a fair portion of things can be misconstrued depending on one's background (even non-cultural).
Really? It's probably for the best. American TV is pretty bad most of the time.
I'm talking about the recent events and acts the media is focusing on that are representing Islam as a violent and hateful religion instead of showing the majority of muslims. The "outliers" are the extremists that aren't even real muslims that the media is scoping in on, and the "norm" being the majority of true muslims, non-violent and peaceful.
Did I say it was charity? No. I said that it was their decision. Riot is American. They are not on the EU time zone, and therefore I don't blame them for their operating hours being based around where they live, and have lives outside of this game. Your petty problems and sense of entitlement do not control their lives. They were not required to make anything but a North American server, but they wanted other countries to enjoy their game, so they opened up other servers. However, one company cannot run the entire globe from their backyard effectively, and they had to open up other teams. So guess what? EU actually has its own team you should be throwing your tantrum at. 
Why not use level 3 collectors
Sage The prostitute spent the night with you? you had sex with a ghost?!
You've not blacked out the names. You might wanna fix that.
[First Night](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xn34tx_doctor-who-night-and-the-doctor-first-night-vostfr_creation) and [Last Night](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xn354o_doctor-who-night-and-the-doctor-last-night-vostfr_creation)
There are three more, but it's just simpler to link to the [Complete list](http://www.reddit.com/r/doctorwho/comments/10klcl/list_of_doctor_who_miniepisodes/)
It's just morning sickness
Well yeah, but I meant for console gamers. I buy all my Wii / 3DS stuff on Amazon where it is generally 10-20% cheaper than retail, and 2 day shipping is free with Prime.
Hell, I'm proud that the sub and OC porn wars were mentioned at all. That's pretty awesome. Speedy should feel quite special.
And, you know, there's a pic of his OC fucking mine. So I feel special by osmosis.
In death we have a name
God I hate Ravenholm. A little while back I logged into my steam account for the first time in years to play some DoD: Source and it turned out someone had jacked it and been using it, so anyway I changed the password back and got a bunch of free games including the HL2 expansions that I never got to play. So I was going to replay HL2 then the expansions.
I got half way through Ravenholm and haven't been able to make myself finish it yet, this was about a month ago. Its even scarier when you are going for the achievement. 
It"s weird, I agree with most of what he says but damn it if he doesn't rub me the wrong way.
/drool. Di Natale as CAM! I'm all for it.
I'll see if I can pick him up and pick up other cards with proper formation.
Yea but where is she holding onto him?
You are right, no one would want Italy to have nukes.  
67/usa and never bought that bull shit from birth.
It came free with the first Eden of the East movie from rightstuf. Was a pretty cool little extra.
For me it was "Dee dee dee" by Carlos Mensia. I was little, but still... shame...
Honest Answer: Child Porn.
Because it says daddy's dresses and that is a topic for another thread. 
I want to walk in on you doing this lol now that's a funny face
is ventilation ever an issue?
That's me right now. No onion, ever. He smells them if I chop them really finely and won't eat it. It is definitely like dating a 5 year old. Fuck Me.
Wow I read none of those!  My favorite source for information is the e-Sylum weekly email.  [Archives are here](http://www.coinbooks.com/club_nbs_esylum.html) and if you like it you can subscribe for free.
It is heavy on information about coin books although coins are sometimes discussed.  If you like it you can pay a small fee to join and get *The Asylum*, an occasional magazine.  I just got the most recent issue which is mostly an amazing chapter excerpted from a recent book about New Jersey Coppers.  If you are interested in the history of collecting colonial coins it's a must-read.
>Pugs are the cutest dog in the world
FTFY
lol i try, thanks. enjoy, use often!
Well you would only use the stairs/latter on the way UP. You could take a slide down.
I think most people are missing that little sliver you're talking about.
And calling the Inland Empire "the IE". The Inland Empire is a fucking awesome name, address it as such.
Thanks for the input. Think I'll probably do the .45 sub until I stockpile about 300 12mm rounds. Does the vendor in McCarran still have like a thousand at a time or was that patched?
True, but once in awhile it's acceptable. And the guy is still an asshole. 
Who cares about upvotes..? It's not like the good music needs to reach the front page, it's there with a few upvotes. I just come to this au reddit to discover new music personally.
I have a Skitty and Meowth figure that are supposed to go inside those Pokeballs. I wish I could still find the Pokeball that goes with my Skitty, though.
> This is good for him, as he is one of the best late-game carries (I actually consider him the hardest carry).
As someone who didn't play the first dota, could you explain to me why he could outcarry the likes of Anti-Mage, Spectre and Medusa (stories always made me assume that Medusa was the most disturbing thing when fully equiped).
Correct. There will be 24 SKUs of the 5 with two colors alone. 4 carrier configurations (because of the unlocked model) x 3 capacities x 2 colors. 24 SKUs. That's a lot for retail staff to manage. 
I pay $48 a month for an 03 GTI. I have a very clean record. 
I'm from Ohio, shit's not too far-fetched. There's fucking crazy people everywhere.
Theft is always the answer when you are < 18. Over.
I was considering making and selling superhero plushies (in fact I have already got an order from a friend) but I am unsure how much they are worth and how much I would sell them for. But I sell plushies out of my deviantart www.arualsti.deviantart.com so if I do start selling them, it'll be up on there
But not part of the constitution.
Considering the fact that their bakery would get a lot of publicity for this and they haven't posted the name, it's most likely not OP's creation.
that feel i have it thankfully i bloomed into a horrible semi functional flower.
Honestly I think all of those pastel colors look very childish.  
I looooove watching Detroit fail.
Upvote him, he doesn't want it.
A win is a win.  We weren't going to be ranked anyway.  We just have to beat Michigan and then maybe we will be ranked then.  
Lol commented for future reference.
I got used to Zeal it made him lane or jungle relatively easy. It also made him quite strong in midgame, but I think this made him much harder carry and probably better pusher. In overall I am ok with the change, since sunder finally goes through bkb and new reflection seems kinda imba to me (60% slow for 5 seconds at all levels and 50 manacost, well casting range is almost melee but it is not that important I think).
sorry, didn't know how to spell it, other than that what do you think?
Are those all from one nest?
From a guy who has ample experience with frat parties: your friend's girlfriend is definitely cheating on him every time she goes out without him.
It must just be a coincidence then. Either that or you're full of shit and have already decided to disregard every instance of what i say works working.
Out of interest, what's your qualification in this area? How many dogs have you owned?
If a dog believes i am in charge how would that not work? Why would a dog beg from and try to lead someone it believes is in charge? You seem to have read somewhere that this doesn't work and decided to just believe it without having the capacity to rationalise why it wouldn't work or why an alternative approach is better.
I have extensive experience with dogs (in my home and professional life) and this approach has not failed once, so forgive me if i don't buy in to your baseless assertions.
The hole in my bedroom ceiling.
Okay I need to find my jaw. 
A horribly brainwashed one. One that people don't understand that another person's life is not their business. 
Kinda hard to pin this one all on Hartley.  
Yeah, he did miss the winning FG, but if our D was even half worth a shit, he wouldn't have even had to try.
Exactly.
I will skip a shower every now and then, or sometimes say "fuck it" and not brush my teeth before bed, but except during the times in my life when I was having major, extended depressive episodes, I've never let it slip like that.
I am a Southerner. Though I was born in Tampa, FL (Once you get to a certain point in Florida, you're no longer in the South until you hit the Everglades). I've spent most of my life in South Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee, and Virginia. No one from my family has lived North of the Mason Dixon line since the 1850's. 
1. The Southern Drawl is an amazing distinguishing feature that can be a real blessing and also a real curse. I have a drawl, but due to this, many people hear it and assume I'm a dumb racist redneck. On the other hand, besides making tons of women swoon, it's an identifier among people. There are many Southern accents that come from the different regions of the South, based on this, some people can identify where someone is from, and a lot of the time they can tell if a person is nice or not. The way we speak is just like the lives we live. It's a slower and simpler dialect, which really lets you get to know people.
2. Most Southern Stereotypes, like most other places, have some that are wrong, and some that are right. I have covered a few here, just to give you an idea. 
**Southerners being racist** seems to be the biggest stereotype. I don't think that it's the case at all, I think it's just a stigma that has followed the South since the Civil War and the Civil Rights Movement. People like to pin us as racist, though most of us don't really care about race anymore. As someone who has traveled a lot, I have met a lot more closet racist up North than I have in the South. I'm not talking about people making a racist joke or two either. I found more closet bigots in the North East than I have the rest of the US. Fact is however, racism is everywhere, it has no boundaries. People of every race, religion, and belief have racist in them, the South just gets a bad rep due to the past. Contrary to popular belief, I think Southerners hate Yankees more than we do Blacks /s. But really, race isn't a problem here.
**Crazy Religious People** Same thing, they're all over the country, just many places here have Blue Laws, which are basically religion backed laws. Most of the people who vote and back these laws are the older generations, we have a lot of older people because they move south looking for better weather, so we have a higher concentration of devout religious people. Much of the younger generation, though still religious, acknowledge and accept what science has proven.
**Southerners are dumb**. Once again, Stupid people are everywhere. Southerners are actually some of the most innovative people in US history. Take a look at Nascar, the engineering that started it was created by the Moonshiners during prohibition to run Moonshine throughout the country. Hell, a Southerner even invented Air Conditioning, now that's something we can all get behind.
**Southerners are nice**. Southern Hospitality is not simply made up. I talk to a lot of Yankees who have come South for schooling and what not, and the major thing they have told me is that people in the South are a whole lot nicer than people up North. Generally in every aspect, Southerners are a whole lot nicer, a lot more polite, and courteous to others. 
3 The North, a place that everyone seems to talk great about though I don't really know the big deal. Like I've said previously, I have had the great opportunity to travel in my life, and I've been to every state, and just about every major city in the Nation. I've been to New York a couple times, both upstate and in the City. Both places people were put off by my drawl. Another thing was people were incredibly rude up North, they didn't hold doors for one another, they didn't talk to one another, they didn't really interact unless it directly benefited them. People were extremely angry too. In Boston I had a woman yell at me when I held the door open for her. The North's pace of life is way too fast. It seems everyone is too busy to just take a day off and relax, even on their days off they're busy as hell trying to get things done. My advice to them is to just chill for a bit, literally. Just go do nothing but relax for a day, sit at home and do nothing, or go on a walk and just appreciate life. You're only alive once, so why not appreciate it.
4 All of it. Really. I can't choose. I love Barbeque, and I love home cooking. Soul food is delicious too. Corn bread made right is amazing, but you can't go wrong with chicken and biscuits. Pulled pork on a buttered bun? Give me 6. Biscuit and gravy with some fried chicken? Sign me up for seconds. A lot of people make fun of the South being obese, yes it's a problem, but the pace of life, plus all of our good food, it's hard to stay skinny. I rather eat whatever I want and die happy anyways. Southern Food is another identifying feature. People across the world know what Southern cooking is, and for good reason too. 
5 The Southern Identity as a whole. I love the slower pace of life, I love Country Cooking, and I love my accent. My hair falls naturally in what is known as the Southern Swoop, or the Frat Shag in many places. Our identity puts us apart from everyone else. We belong to a distinct and beautiful society that has so much to offer the world around us. We tend to treat people civilly but we're also not the type of people to push around. It's an identity that has taken hundreds of years to form. It's been molded by good and bad events. Yet it is who we are today, and I for one thing am proud of who I am.
If you have any other questions let me know, I know this is a lot, but I wanted to answer your questions fully.
Simply Orange is best, by far. I wish they made a frozen purely for my own economic reasons, but will still pay almost 2 bucks for the small bottle.
An orange popsicle tastes more like orange juice than the stuff at IHOP.
Except it has further implications, for instance, that the design can in fact be optimized, perhaps to an even greater extent. 
Yes, because they're not all like that :)
0 points on a team that lost to the Vikings. It's not an ass kicking, it's anal bukkake.
Just watched the video, reminds me of Jim Mora's "Diddly Poo" interview. Love the "recipe for an ass kicking"
Likewise. It's really the wind that gets you around here. Especially downtown.
Take a gander at his flair
Well, had I known to thin my paints and not attempt to use plastic glue for sand and flock basing, I would have saved myself a lot of trouble. 
athlete from the ivy lwagues found his way to wall street. fucking shocking
pretty sure I went through a lot of it when i first heard of levels when it was all over youtube as "tim berg-id" I really wasn't crazy about any of it.
2 words: FLOATING ISANDS (that can't be seen from the regular surface)
This is a pretty good way to determine if you actually love someone.  If you loved someone, you wouldn't make the conscious effort to betray their trust.
This should be a wakeup call for you.  Your relationship doesn't seem to be what you thought it was.
I wasn't particularly overweight when I got pregnant and I got maternity jeans early in first tri, because the bloat made my pants quite uncomfortable. It's not a matter of gaining weight (I actually lost weight), it's a matter of changing shape. 
I think maybe his point is that how is he gonna carjack if he's on a car? He's just gonna leave his car behind?
My critique is with his unconventional storytelling and lack of structure. I remember being disturbed by the white trash elements and felt it looked authentic.
Its ok, chi-blocking is still a valid option ;P
I see what you did there
It's all about technique. Spend 15 minutes on YouTube and an hour or so practicing, and it's all fun after that.
Whatever you say, Lou Holtz
japanese.  any language that requires three alphabets to write in is the language for me.
Excellent thread :)
[SNG Vapor](http://shop.sngvapor.com/Cartomizers_s/1817.htm) has **Boge 5-Pack** for $7.50. He has a 10% Reddit discount code that I can't recall right now, but with that applied it comes out to $6.75 a pack.
He also has Smoktech 1.7 XL (The Resurrector) for $1.12 each after discounts. I love those cartos and they are regarded very highly at ECF.
[Discount Vapers](http://www.discountvapers.com/coil-head-replacements/) has a huge selection of replaceable heads for as little as $1.49
[VapingMe](http://www.vapingme.com/kanger-t2-v2-sunfire-1-7-1-9ohm-clearomizer-cartomizer/) has Kanger T2 for $4.49. 
It's...  less than ten bucks.  Skip a trip and a half to McDonalds.
Can't check right now, but isn't it Kavinsky?
Edit: Yes it is.
Dumbledore man.  
Clearly you just didn't like HP as much as you like ASOIAF. That's why there are many many different fantasy books to choose from!
I was never a season ticket holder but I still refuse to go to the stadium because of the psl's. When they rebuild a Walmart they don't charge you $10,000 to shop their because its new. It's a business rebuilding should be a % of the profits not the consumers paying for it all up-front 
Only Koreans play in it (GSL) so it caters to Koreans. Why doesn't Riot just start the finals 2 hours earlier, then it would cater to not only Americans but also some Euros. It seems like a stupid oversight and that's why I'm angry about it.
The pump is very new, 4-5 days I think. Koolance is one of the few companies I'd trust enough to get something new from. What do you mean by 'they might not work well on it'? 
I know the feeling about the Link. Given that Corsair's integrating it into everything now (and their simple size, money, power, etc) I think it'll be a a nice, stable feature to have _eventually_. Being what's essentially a beta tester has its pros and cons.
Everyone told me too change the pic (among other things).  Sooooo yeah. That got changed back pretty quick. 
I'm actually doing this too. I was at 63 last night and am just short of 80 now. Red chins on skeletons at ape atoll are great xp. Use your best range boosts at all times. 
"The American Third Position Party (A3P) is a third positionist American political party which promotes white supremacy." - [wiki](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Third_Position_Party)
We were the saints. Still is. 
Here... try this one... closeenough[2012][full version].rar
Ehh thats herpes sir
I always imagined it cracked too, and this is sweet. 
I know people want to work. One day 2008, I saw people lined up near Five Points in Atlanta, several blocks wrapped up in the line. They wanted work. But let's be honest. They weren't the same people who started the riot at the Section 8 application in College Park, or the same type of people who spent an entire day waiting for DSNAP.
As a 21-year-old who also constantly feels like he's running out of time, this post was an inspiration. Thank you, Mister Savage!
"I love natural girls without make-up, like that one"
"She's wearing light make up. That one over there is not wearing make up"
"She looks sick..."
"Fuck you"
So my next question - where's the best place to find a gently neglected bike? Something that still runs, but isn't pristine. Craigslist?
Definitely recommend Living In Emergency.
Was taught basic critical thinking.
I am now live
Yeah, the juxtaposition between his weary 1200 year-old persona and his "I have a Christmas list" persona is very impressive.
Oh, it's about to *come* alright.
In between lessons in primary school (2nd Grade-ish for you Yanks), we had a 5 minute break where we could go bathroom/get ready for next lesson, and a few kids were throwing pieces of rubbers (erasers) at each other, behind the teacher's back. I didn't have any rubber, so I decided to PRETEND to throw one. Lo and behold, the teacher saw me, called me up in front of class, and told me off for throwing stuff. 
>Because the cooler it is the faster it is
Ahhhh... lolwut
-No, don't go farm top Jax! Sivir why are you going bot? Omg Soraka are you going baron?
> I was just stoked to get it posted 
And earn some sweet karma? 
don't understand the reference
**SQ3R**:  
**Survey**--look over stuff before reading/studying it.  
**Question**--write down questions you have before you read/study it.  
**Read**--Read whatever it is you're planning to learn.  
**Recite**--say it through a few times, especially parts that are harder to understand.  
**Review**--continually review new information, more often at first and less over time.  
It works.
I am merely pointing out what is a serious flaw in your statement.  You've raised children, and it's hard, I get it.  But you haven't done many of the innumerable other hard jobs that exist, either.  I don't need to have raised children to see why your argument is wrong, and I was just pointing that out.
You forgot us getting drunk after I suddenly walked out of a bar and then doing that derpy drunk stuff.
Also, I just wanna point out that some of that damage was self inflicted from purposefully jumping off that cliff.
How'd I miss Pete Rock and Fly Lo!
I meant no offense, just making an anecdotal observation based on my med school friends and acquaintances.
I work at a men's clothing warehouse. I've already sent my boyfriend about $400 worth of jeans and shirts for free. This has covered pretty much every meal he's ever bought for me (which he only did at the start of our relationship). So, well, fuck you guy.
Edit: Just for clarity, I'm not stealing stuff from the warehouse. We get top pick of the discarded and returned damaged items. Since a lot of them are just put aside because of small holes or minor discoloration, I pick out the least fucked up items, repair them, and send them along.
Wow. How quickly the mighty fall.
Then again, you're eating at IHOP.
Yeah, I always do the side missions before doing the current main story one so this mission was challenging but I didn't die.  I also had a pretty badass sniper rifle from the gold chest to help me.  
Protip:  Shoot the loaders in the hip.  Critical and they can't walk anymore.
You could post charges for harrassment. But I doubt it would go through. You deserved this one
wow op, i wish i could give you a million upvotes for that post. You have just summed up my views entirely. I see so much of that shit in /r/fuuuuuu every day, and i allways call them out on it but i just get met with a sea of downvotes. 
I saw one comic where the guy fell out with his friend cos his friend liked 9gag. I said in the comments you are a scumbag if you fall out with a friend over petty shit like that, and he said all the friend had to do was say reddit was better.
And lol that comment about the guy having to us IE, i actually had to double take. The blind loyalty some people show to reddit is scary  
I currently only have one parent who is entirely illiterate, although I have many who struggle with reading.  Luckily, parent-teacher conferences allow me to explain what's on the report card.  My school also provides translators when I conference with a Spanish-speaking parent.  I have never felt the urge to teach a parent how to read, because I don't know how to teach adults how to read; I don't have the time or resources to teach adults how to read; most of my parents work too hard and too much to have the time themselves; and I don't think I could offer without coming across as patronizing and rude.  I have a lot of respect for my students' parents and guardians--they sought out information on, and went through, the lottery process for getting their children into a charter school.  
I try to be very explicitly respectful to parents in all of my interactions with them.  Not only because I need mutual respect with parents in order to best impact my students, but because one thing that I care deeply about is preserving my students' respect for their parents.  I think some of the "college-bound" language that's very common in charter schools can really erode how students see their parents and communities, because implicit in that language and narrative is the message that if you don't go to college (or learn how to read), you didn't work hard enough and you're a failure.  I want all of my students to have all of the options that I had when I graduated high school as a wealthy white student from the suburbs, but I don't want them to see many of the adults who care a tremendous amount about them as failures because they didn't have the same options.  
